La
• Faith did we,your Honour—and wonsf
too often,' replied Mrs. Judith O'Leary,
making an illigent curt'sy. " 1 other day,
your Honour, we were taking the drops at since
the Blue Pig, and talking of old ennsarns; '»race
and the talk came up and the drops vveni
down softly and swately-that's the
throats of us your Honour; and by the i IO
bye, savs Mistress Casey lo me, says she if
Mistress O'Leary,' says she to me, 1 let's
be home to our own place."—'And 3U 1 was
will, Mistress Casey,' said I, • ounly we'll
have t'other drop with the three hapence n
that's left in the bottom of it'—that's the
Jiocket your Honour. * Gads blood, we'll
have t'other drop, gos9ip,' says I to
that's Mistress Carey, your Iionour. And
sure we had it, and it was a drop too muchjforce
for the head of me—it went round like they
the hind wheel of an ackney—rowling and^'c
rowling, your Honour, and I rolled home
mighty ipieer that day ; ami I laid myself S( .
down on my own bed ; and the child 1 had^lm.
be me own lawful husband, Tom Leary,—'"
laid hy the side of me fast asleep-ounly
sober as a judge was the child at that same inf
lime, why slioukln t it r And when 1 wa
ked up, says I to me—' how earned 1 here?' I
says I. ' in my own bed/ says I ' before
dark ' savs I to myself ; but I couldn t tel *
lor the life of me, your Honour, in regard ly
to gin—that's the blue nun, as Misther i
Jinkins, the prater merchant, calls it your
omiur. VI ell,' says I to myself, sure
I get up, for what s the use nt lying here
like bastes,' says I, 'when Ion, Leary
isn t at home,anu is coming to it may be:
And I got up ami shook myself, and got
the water to wash me hands, an 1 look'd
at 'em—that's the fingers, but d— il a ring
was on 'em! • Devil burn ye, Kate Casey, the
thinks I to myself, 'but ve've got the bit
of gould from me at last!' An I went to on
her place*— that'ï in Hainbridge street, 7
vour Honour; an Mistress Casey,* says I,
* where's my ring r* • What ring ?• 9 ays she
—* My wedding ring that I got with Tom
Eeary.'says 1—'Deevil a know 1 know!'of
savs she—'Don't be tellin the lie to the
face of me,* says I, 'for sure there's them
that seén ye slither it oft* the finger of me,*
savs l, 'He the mother of Moses! its a
irriîa t lie !' »ays she—'Thank ve Mistress
Casey,' says I-' An what for Is it a greatjlive.l
' Take that for yourself, Mrs. O'Lea-igreen
I V,' savs alls"-
Aiid what was that ' asked his VVor-ldirccteil
shio.
> Faith a beautiful blow on the mouth of liu
me!' your Honor, replied Mis. O'Leary—beach
Laving hold of her upper lip, and turning'whom
it inside out for his Worship's inspection.ied
lint his Worship decline«! inspecting it,
. , > . • I . •
and having let it down again, she proceed
eil to state, that having got tliis beautiful
thump on the mouth of Iter, she «I id not
choose to have .any more to say to Mrs.
Gasev, but forthwith hauded lier over to
'J'lie offirer in question sai«l he had learn-to
. ed that Mrs. Casey pawnetl a wcddingjter
rkig on the day of the row, but she ie-|amitl
ilecmcd it in a few hours afterwards,
that was all the pawnbroker knew about
Mrs. Casey, who was burning to tell her
story, was then called on lor defence.
Mr. Minshul!—W'liere's this poor wo
man's ring ? a
Mrs. Casey—Honour bright, your YYor
ship, l know nothing of it.
Mr. Minshull—She says you took it off'
her finger. *
Casey—Och, as for that, vour
sl.e'd say any- tiling but her prav-'ceeded
Mr. Minshull—As a friend you should
have takeu better care of her ring.
Mrs.- Casey—Din't I take ell the care
in the world-of her, and took her home,
as
she
1
she
all
BOW STREET.
Friendship, Blue-ruin , and a Wedding
ring.
Mrs. Catherine Casey was charged with
having purloined Mrs. Judith O'Leary'»
wedding ring.
The ladies are both natives of the ' Em
erald gem of the western wave'—the green
land of shamrocks and shillelahs. They
came to this country together in the days
of their youth ; they toiled together in the
sunny harvest fields ; they got comforta
ble husbands to them ; they grew old to
gether ; they ate, they drank, they smoked;
they were gossips—sworn gossips anil
friends. " But what is friendship but a
name !" saitli the poet. Let Mrs. Judith
O'Leary tell tier own tale.
' Yere honour, this is Mistress Carsey,
the gossip, she was : o me many a long
year in oulil Ireland and since we coined
to this, and mucli is it I made of her at all
times, your honour—for we got our bits
o'livina^, and we ate and slept, and we
drink't together.'—
' And got drunk together,' said his Wor
ship.
lie ?
an ollicer.
:'-i
verence,
ers.
I put lier decently to bed ; but she's a
bad one, your Worship, and she knows it.
anil the world knows it, and her husband
kuows.; .and s he gave this ring to a manjing
tiiat she'has.
Mrs.O'Learv—Is it tbe likes of me,'lie
with three children to have a man.
Mrs. Casey—Yen, tlie like of yon :
t it but last Friday you were found
Ivin" on another man's tied, fust asleep,
itlTyourself uncovered, and God knows
v what; and did'.nt j'our husband say yuu'tlj
/men erimconnifyLug him. ' "
Mrs. O'Leary—Oh, holy Paul! ymirlbeen
Re.verence, it's all false. I was tos'tica- 1
led, and fell on another man's bed, but mv'lle
two children-were with me, and this Mrs.
Casev wants to make my husband jealous
of me. that's as iojiccent es a sucking
k.it«er».
Mr. Minshull—Upon my word l^thwik,and
♦V> e -it no ground fur jealousy (the ;l»dy
j .,.1 not a cittern to boast of;) but ,4 can
ith (he evitfansebofure me, take ativ
* I
\ *.
am
wasn
yVQi,
. You must look
. . , . ..
Lste a<lvices from OoR.ua, in the interior of |
La Notolie, give the following account ot the
^" h I v ™^ nee of * Gre " kinir
sc^üjaawav witR^Vthia isle, a g, R e«k
itmale whom lie liad made a slave, and whom he
since espoused, after having compelled her to iiii-dng
'»race Mahometism. , .
(,ne night while the Mussulmanwas
momen't ÔV '"phreniy. 1 oclàsiMnêd by ■'die'
IO rnble recollections, plunged it in the hosomlon
if her rsviaher, and then withdrew it in order to
decapitate him. From that moment her levengel
was saluted ; ami naiure, re-as.ummgiis einpirej
mewm'iut sèioté fell and remained along
me in « state of insensiinlity. Alter having
covered her senses, ihe spectacle betöre her
chilled her lieurt and deprived her ot tire (acuity
her—.^''ed'h^that 11 state'^aftr^day 'l'renlc.' At
sume persons being uneasy, resolved to
the door of the fatal chamber—on one side
they perceived the dead body of the l urk ; on
v",u' "ein ThsnöSs 'of mê,"~
u , ^ .. lt WiiS , wllo milI .dered him." They uf
. u ,.,| upo „ |, er tt ,„i brought her before the Pa
"lait you who have iimnled your husband!"
Yes, she replied, it «as 1 who kille. I the
^", wln^m my house * ^
inf , n ?_ tt . ll0 , hen ' c , rpi .. a IIlB „if, brought me
naher, and thought to make a Turk of me, while
am in tact, ami only wish to remain a «reek"
^ ^rÆ". Ä"!
* 'X.after ^ , i<tc . llci , lo her atleniive
ly Bralltei { Uai . parill)n all q sc . nt her hack to her
l(>me , to the great astonishment of all the Mus
lute submitted w
• Œ
PI,{ \TKS. ï,
1 1,v v ,
From theN.\.National Advocate.
[Per Schooner Pluughboy, Jlianlove."]
'The U. S. barges Gnat and Midge and
the cutter of the Grampus, under the com
mand of Lt. Freden, arrived at Matanzas
on the 1 st of September from a cruise ot
7 weeks on the north coast ot Cuba; du
ring which time they examined every place
that might afford a harbour for the pirates,
from Escondido to Guanata. On the 16th
August they made the S.E. point ol
Cayo Romano, and anchored within a
couple of miles of some huts that formed
part of an extensive establishment tor
jerking beef. Heing entirely destitute of
provisions, both officers and men having
for a number of days on two ears of
corn a piece, without meat, bread or
jollier provisions of any kind, Lieut. F.
VVor-ldirccteil midshipman Hunter to take an
linterni eter with him, and proceed to the
liu ts in quest of some. On landing on the
Mr. 11. was met by two men, to
lie told his business. They retreat
apparently through fear, which iuducedimm
Mr. H. to lay aside Lis arms, in order to
• - ... i. I „ i „
inspire them with confidence and advance
towards them. Notwithstanding this, they
still continued to retreat, and Mr, II. to
advance, until on nearing the huts, a limn
lier of men armed w ith muskets, pistolsP
and cuttasses, rushed out and attempted
seize them. Mr. II. and the interpre-j^
both attempteil to effect their escape,
ie-|amitl a shower of bullets—the latter suc
andiceeded in reaching the barges, with no
it.{other injury than a slight oil his head, but
Mr. Hunter was captured. As boon as
possible alter receiving information of tliis
from -the interpreter, Lieut. F. landed with
a portion of the officers and crews of the
barges, and proceeded to the huts. They
found there hut three or four men muunt
ed on horseback, at whom one of the most
[active of the men who were detached in
Re-pursuit under midshipman, 1 lint on, suc
prav-'ceeded in getting a lew shots, hut with no
jollier effect than compelling one of them
to drop his load, consisting of preserved
(fruits, wine and a case ot hats. '1 hey
found at anchor near the huts 3 boats,
which from the ammunition found in them
further steps to help you
for you ring, and if you find where it is,
we will endeavour to obtain its restora
ion. I am afraid you have got tliis poor
woman's ring.
Mrs. Casey—Honour bright, your Wor
ship, I liav'nt.
Mr. Minshull—Well, you must help
her to look fur it.
Mrs. Casey—Faith her eyes arc as good
as mine, your Worship, except when she's
blind drunk, and that's every day in the
week.
Mr. Minshull then said, Mrs. O'Leary
might bring her charge for the assault, it
she liked.
Mrs. O'Leary—Be my conscience then
1 like no such thing; for I didn't care il
she salted me till 1 was as salt as a red
lierine so as she'd give me the ring, for its
all I had to prove I was an honest woman,
God help me.
The case was then dismissed, and in five
minutes Mrs. O'Le. i y and Mrs. Casey set
tled their difference over a quartern.
evidently belonged to the gang. Of these
possession was immediately taken and in
consequence of the impossibility ol tow
manjing them with the barges, they were or
jdered immediately to be destroyed. By
me,'lie time that Mr. Clinton returned from
pursuit it was quite dark, and being to
: tally unacquainted with the country, and
without a guide, Lieut. F. encamped for
the night near the huts, with tlie intention
uf pursuing them early the next morning,
Yt midnight to the surprise of every body,
|Mr. Hunter returned to tlie huts, having
ymirlbeen liberated on conditions of his inter
1 ceding with Lieut. F. to spare the boats,
mv'lle stated that the gang was 15 or 16
strong; that on the approach of the barge
men, they bail seized all the horse* be
longing to the establishment, on which
they had mounted with their provisions
baggage,and proceeded UJ or 12 miles
in, the interior, and that he thought he
jcould act as guide to where they were
encamped. Lieut. F. proceeded inimc
* I
t
an
ed
dy
diately in pursuit of them, hut on.arriving
at the spot they had decamped. Altei
following the direction it was supposed
they had taken for 10 or là miles, the
men were exhausted with latigue and
could proceed no further ; and consider
ing the advantage the villians possessed
of an open country, and being well mount
ed, it was deemed impossible to capture
them in any way hut by stratagem. Lieut.
F. remained on the Key several days and
attempted to capture or destroy them by
every expedient in his power hut without
At length the provisions found
at the huts being consumed, and tt.• offi
cers and men completely exhausted with
hunger and fatigue, he was compelled to
leave them and proceeded to Uuanalia for
provisions. On arriving there lie received
information that the villians he had left,
had escaped in fishing boats on the north
end of the island ; that they were twenty
in number, and were a new gang, formed
under the notorious pirate Antonio, cmn
nly culled El Majorcan ; that they had
assembled in boats from different places,
fur the purpose of capturing a Spanish fe
| ucca ^ j n Cuanaha, which they inten
(u )U ^ ag R crui . /er< ani ) which they
would have effected but fur their timely
dispersion by the barges. A severe gale
of wind setting in about this time ami last
several days, Lieut. F. was under the
[necessity of abandoning all hopes of their
and as his cruise had expired,
mostlreturning to Mantan-zas, where he arrived
the 1st without any accident, anu olli
cers an j me n ; n good liealtli.
___ a
to China —The first vessel that
was fitted out by the inhabitants of the
re-United States to. China, was 360 tons bur-|
then, commanded hy John Green, and e
quipped with 43 persons. She sailed trnmj,
^' uw York on the 23d of February, 1 f84, c
and arrived on the 21st of March at St.
Jago, one of the Cape de Verd Islands. r
sq 1L , | e ft the Cape de Verd Islands un the j
r,b " , ' 1 March - an ' 1 arrived in the Straits , i
uf Sunda on the 18th ot July, where sue
met two slops belonging tu France, and V
received a friendly invitation to accompli- | )e
ny t |, ellli which was accepted, they being
bound to Canton. The American vessel
received every facility Iron» the French
commanders, who furnished her with (heir t
signals by day and night, and gave such
-, JW T*.
W»na > as ! " s w l ou1 ' b f e bcan bene / lrial
to the American ship had any circumstance
occurred to separate tnc vessels. The t|
* hi P , a | Canton on the
?ot h o( August and saluted lie shipping
in the river with 13 guns, which was an
ï, wered tl,e Çommodcres o the several
European vessels, each ot whom sent an
officer to compliment her arrival. The
Chinese merchant» and chiefs visited the
*hip for three days ; they styled the Arne
rieans the JW?f? People* and when by the
niap an idea of the extent of the United
states was given, they were pleased at
the prospect of so large a market fur their
productions. The ship left Canton on the
-27th of December, refreshed at the Cape 0
of Good Hope, where she remained five
days, and arrived at New York on the
I lth of May, 1785, '
-»
pahihun Tiutue«.—A letter from Paris of
the 27th August says, " In the Moniteur of to
day, there will be found a short account ot tin
cll ,. rillg ( -, irany other purpose than to mem im.
that the public have properly appreciated these
loyal and warlike effusions. The lowest of the
popolaee wlm eaiinot easily pay for such enter
[*"\ m tv'e r VSleprUentLTh7c»"se'\T 1 ey coul.'l
see'lLen, içraiia. hast night they were a..ain re
presented to a paying audience, and their r«-ct[>
was strikingly different. Instead ol being
crowded, the ddh-rent theatres almost deserted ;
instead of applause, then-prevailed a kind ol stil
|en ai | ence! ' ' ulld if t!ie wa ;. nl weather and ultra
p „ elrv continue lor a week, the caisses of the dit
térent establishments will be emptied, und the
pet-fontiers exposed to greater danpe-r of famine
lm ' 1 ' v ' -r £ ' l '* Burriaon» ol any of the turtihed
a u 1
success.
mo
it
of
,
Tilt; HKVOI.UTIONARY 1NTRICUF.S IN
S\\ ITZKUl.ANII."
Switzerland, Aug. 14.
A pamphlet under this title has just ap
peared at Claris, w Lieh causes uu extraor
dinary sensation. The following is a pas
sage in the pamphlet;—"Yes, the Holy
Alliance are too much in the right ; there
is in all Europe—there is even in Swit
zerland, an association of men, which has
sworn the overthrow of all existing insti
tutions, which, borrowing its forms from
the Illuminati and Jesuits, adopts every
means, considers every crime as permit
led, if it hut leans to the end proposed ;
which under the cloak of zeal for religion
and legitimacy, seeks to undermine the
foundation of both—morality. Yes, there
is a Comité Directeur, which sends from
Paris its agents to all quarters, which is
intimately connected with all those
»piracies, which, under the names of Soci
eta del Anello, della Santa Feilo, are en
deavouring to revolutionize Italy, Spain
France ami Switzerland." The uuthor
then proceeds to quote several remarkable
facts.
16
he
C0I1
Counterfeit Dollars .-*-It has been ascer
tained that counterfeit Spanish dollars, of
the reign of Ferdinand VII., 1820,
circulation in Montreal. From several
circumstances it is believed, that they have
been innocently brought out by emigrants,
upon whom they have been put off just
prev'ous to their embarkation from Eu
rope—the emigrant being willing to give
a premium for specie. If emigrants to
Canada have been served thus by sharp
ers, may not like spurious money be
brought to the United States by emigrants
direct from Europe, or by the way of Ca
nada.
are in
lioUSE-kfcKPEKS ATTENTION :
Cdkffk Put._ The following descrip
fion ot a new inventi'.l t'ofle Pot is from
t on .r a " ew " .
the New Monthly Magazine.
Ingenious and useful lnvention.--.\mbng
the new inventions lor which Paris is la
is a coffee pot constructed of three
pieces: the first is a plain boiler—over
that is a double filteren —anil at the top is
an inverted colle pot, which fits on exact
ly. Cold water is placed in the first ves
sel, and the coflee in the filtering box.
Uundr the whole is a spirit lamp, which in
the course of five or six minutes causes
the water to boil, the vapour arising from
which completely saturates the coflee.
When the water boils, which is ascertain
ed by the discharge of the vapour from the
spout of the inverted colle pot, the whole
machine is lifted from the lamp, and com
pletely inverted—.so
was uppermost, is at the bottom, and the
boiling water, which had saturated the cof
fee, flows through the tiltrrur, clear, into
what was before the inverted coffee pot,
which in the space of two minutes is rea
dy for use. This mode of preparing cof
fee is a saving of at least if.' percent, and
fthe berry. In
another part of the service is a colle mas
ter, of glass, over another lamp ol a long
wide flame. The process ol roasting re
about three minutes, and even so
THF. RMPEROR OF III ASIA,
The following paragraph is copied from
a lute Paris Paper.
Petersburg, dune St)—A sad accident
happened to our monarch, during hi* jour-,
nev to Warsaw. His Majesty, it is «'ell
known, is accustomed to travel in a rapid,
nanner .—While passing a bridge near the
c i lv ,,f porchaws, the bridge broke through
ilm j |,j s Majesty's carriage fell into the
r |ver. The horses alarmed, in endeavor
j n( r ( () release themselves from the car
, i a «r«* f overturned it, and the Emperor,'j
seated j n his open calache, received »o se
V ere a blow on the back of the head, that
| )e |„ s t ,„ucli blood from the wound and
fainted. Fortunately the. city of Porchaws
was not far oft-the Emperor was carried
there, and visited by the best surgeons ul
t |, e Cl ty, who pronounced that the wound
wou |,i Ilot i, e followed hy serions cnnse-,
^'i-ir ordered into
presence the two inspectors general of the,
Poa dg, and having reproached tliem witll|
t| )e ir carelessness, banished them to Si
beria.
- ■ .
. .
lUYClgU InlcWlgeUCP.
_ „ ..
n >• r
CADIZ. VV e liod, by Cadiz papers of
month of August, says the National
Gazette, that a debate took place in the
^punisli Cortes respecting the imlepen
deuce ut the ate Spanish American pro
vinces. fhe 3d August, a committee
0 ' the Cortes, to whom was ret erred a
memorial on the subject Irom the aecre
tory of the Colonies, reported the lollow
' n ö propositions.
. ^ ° e governments de facto or the
dissident provinces shall be invited to
s^nd commissioners with full powers to
some neutral point of Europe, which the
;
mous,
that the pot, which
it secures the fine flavour
quires
-.mail a quantity as an ounce, may bo thus
prepared.
government ol Ins majesty shall designate,
il they should not prefer the Peninsula ;
and an armistice shall be immediately
concluded with such as cousent to send
said commissioners.
2d, The government of his Majesty shall
appoint, on its part, one or more plenipo
tentiaries, to frame treaties of every kind
,, , • ■ I , I , J
upon the basis deemed most suitable, With
out excluding that ol Independence, il ne
cessary.
3d. These treaties shall have.no effect
nor validity until they have the approba-'ï""^.
. J 11
tion ot tile Cor tes.
The report of the Committee was dis
cussed at great length on the 4th ami 3th
August, tbe principal speakers taking part
in the debote. The Secretary of the De
partment of the Colonies argued in favor
of the adoption of the propositions, and
stated that the government had already
sent out commissioners with powers which
did not exclude the admission of the basis
of Independence. The propositions were
opposed on various grounds—some mem
bers contended that to acknowledge the
independence of the Provinces would be a
violation of the Constitution; others, that
it ought not to be dune unless very ad
vantageous terms were allowed to Spain
in repuital—others, that the Cortes should
wait and see what the commissioners al
ready despatched had accomplished—a
few denied that ihe provinces were fit for!
, I , I ,
Independence, or able to maintain tliem-j
selves against the ambition of the hurope-jvolted
an powers. The propositions were finally
rejected by a vote of 33 to 43.
We infer from the tenor and result of
. , , . 4 .. .. * .
this debate, that the conventions or trea
ties which have been already made be
tween tlie Spanish Commissioners and the
government of Mexico and Buenos Ayres
resnectivelv will not be ratified in Hnain
lespecuvuj, will not Oe rati lieu in bjmin
—at least, without considerable liesitatiou
and discussion.
King Ferdinand paraded through the
streets of Cadiz in coaches nri the 3d of'?
August, escorted by the military of
city, anq followed -by an immense con
course of people who preserved perfect
order. The Cadiz Kxpecfador of that
date asserts that he is under no restraint
fro,, tl,. „ Cor,.. , ll.ot !.. I,.,
put Ins constitutional negative upon some
of the acts of that Assembly with regular
effect, and lias privately declared to be his
own the sentiments of the Patriotic nroc
ls«.vx-»#;w.xa ». i u . i i • . •
Inch he has affixed Ins sin;
nature. procure* In in credit far since
rity, they advert lo the boldness and C a#. 1
'*our which lie excercised at Seville. i n S
expressing h.s repugnance to the removal
of the guvernmeiit to Cadiz,
°
give the greater publicity possible to tins dec
1 "™ 11 ""» b - v circulating it in the usual
êürps'of thc^rmy—<:aiUi 1 ,t ad°AoK 182 j* *
(signed)—IV-drn Jüan de Zuluetj, President;
Francisco de Paula Soria, Vicente Navarro Trie,
ho, Secretaries,
KING OF SPAIN,
\ gentleman, savs a late English pat»'"
ust arrived Iron» Cadiz, and who is wdi
in | u| . m ,, l | as tu what took place there late
|„ informs us that the story of the Ki Vi
proceedin'' tu the convent of Juan Francis
{.„ ,,| (j ra dde is a nure invention of the
Ultras, and as' absurd as all the other she 1
rie s originating in the same source; that
t | iere j s I1U c(mV ent or church in Cadiz of
t | iat namP _ that t |, e bj n „ u. a i wavs been
KXceÄ
t0 it when he pleased-that it was para
ma |j ce j n an j f rum a wish to have it
believed that he was a prisoner that lie re
mained in seclusion. The gentleman who
gives us these details, witnessed the on
trance of the king into Cadiz ; on that cc
casion there was neither acclamation nor
inc.u . « : nB ii„
I • A .• h.-ni fiu! *n
of that uârt of Sniîn _ » ! I mr 1!
.. u , r i v : s i >» u ° 5
o j
TlicN. Y. I) lily Advertiser pul ilishesUie foi.
lowinj; important decree of the Cone« of Spain 1ft
w hich lia» not to our knowledge been publit>|, e j
in this country before. It appears that the b„<ty
passed a solemn act on the 2d of August last, m* 1
to receive >>r listen to any proposal from any i;, r . BT
cign government whatever, intended to effect *
modification in the Spanish Constitution. H fo|. K
lows, of course, that the mediation of Ki»g| an <| y f
even if offered hy In rself, cannot be accep t-j!
for on the 5th of August the Cortes adjourned*
and the executive ot Sp-in is not authorised tu
negociatc with any foreign power.
[From the Kxprciador of Cadiz, of Aug. 1823.] Kfl
OFFICIAI. —Among the various stratagems rL'
resorted to hy the enemies of Spanish iiMep«ml. (JJy
ence and honour, to destroy confidence and int ro .
duce anarchy ami division of opinion, none have
produced evils of such magnitude as the iinpres* • f
«ion that the Cortes were negociating with the !*
French government. The memorable sessions of
the Pth and 11th of January last, and the discus,
sinnt» for removing the government from M.ilrid
to Seville, should have presented a public and in
comestible proof of the firm ness and détermina.
tion of the Cortes to adhere to their oaths. Never.
theless, the Cortes, heing convinced that the eue. H
my will not desist from his niachiavelian project,
wiiich has been urged, of late» with great périma,
city, and it being probable the same will be pres.
set! with increased energy as soon as ill»- Ix*gis.
lature adjourns, they hereby declare in the must
solemn manner to be nation, that the present
members have not listened, nor will they listen,
to any proposal, from any foreign government ^
whatever, having For its object a modification nr
alteration of the political constitution of the Span- Hey
ish Monarchy, sanctioned at Cadiz in 181 J; tor
they cannot fail in the sacred duties expressed n iv
the pow ers conferred to them.
The Cortes have resolved that the government
'
RUSSIA.
There appears to be some objection of
importance contemplated by the Linperor
ot Russia; but whether it refers to Tur
key or to Spain, is not so very apparent.
Alexander is stated in the Paris papers to
hate left l'etersburgli on the 2rth August
on a grand tour through his empire. He
was to visit Oi|essa and inspect the army;
then proceed to Bessarabia, and return to
the frontiers of Russia and Poland, where
|, e would review his army cantoned there,
which is said to amount to 80,000 troops, k
commanded by the Grand Duke Constaii
tine,
r , .
perusal ol l.eltcrs from Smyrna to tie 19tl> Au
KUSt . TI.rv »„close rxtracu of a letter from the
Creek Island ot Ip.ara, of the 29th July ; which
gives-very flattering account« of the prospect of
''recian afiair. at that date. It will be seen they
' a S ree «'■<'> other accounts from
jKurojje, ot dates as late and later, and perhaps
allowances may be made for predilections on both
sides—f Huston Centinel.
" lt'SARA, July 29th. 1823.
'Ve are in hourly expectation of the return of
our privateers. Some were before Lemnos, otli*
ers in the Uulf of Salonica and Volo, and otlier»
on the coast,of Syria. Yesterday five vessels left
our harbour to go to the llardunelles, and land
on the coast of Troy and Ikise, and even farther
if they can. Something must accrue from this.
It is really astonishing to see, that the Greeks
are regardless of the formidable fleet of the Cap
tain Fachs, and that they are pillaging the Turk
ish coast in spite of Ids exertions. According to
tile reports we have here, the Greek cause is
prospering every where —The Captain Pacha lia»
done nmhingeven up I.- the present time Me is
still at anchor before Patras, and is said a dange
fever lias very much weakened his fleet.
The Senate of the Morea has ordered the ad
ministrations of tlie three islands to keep their
vessels in port till the loth August, O. S. (22d )
in order tliat they may then fall on the Turkish
(fleet.
FROM SMYRNA.
attentive friend has favoured us
•ith the
.... ,
t lie Agrapiotes, the Churmotcs, and Chemin
rioU . 3i </„/,. Mn'mnegrim,, have all lately re
against the Turks, llomella is entirely
freed of the Turks, excepting Uarissa. It is saiil
j ,lle Agrapiotes arc ordered to go as fai- as Tri
Â' *"* 'ü nWch "ft*"!!
lirceks with 18.000 men, is prevented front
executing his plan bv the revolt pf the Montint**
grin», which give lupi sufficient occupation. I
believe the Captain Pacha will do nothing this
Up to this time, all he lias done has been
to 1 l ,rov 'sion Patras and Corinth, lie lus landed
, inly a few tPoops at Patras.—There are 20.UIW
Turks in l.ividia, but they have been purposely
let ill to get hold of their arms and baggage, it
is alr ea<ty reported ilmt Odysseus had destroyed
l >:ll t diem ; however, t^ Imy will never he able
theuShTby '" e V™***
now ut Megäre. We know that by sea the Turk»
are inefficient, for their vessels of >ar carry but
^ ew Eliding troops, so I calculate this terrible
cu ™ pj ;jb ro mi surmounted by the «reeks.
aaÂMÎ
same will lake place at Caristo, Negropont,
Where ten Hydriot Vessels have landed troops
* Ml1 »mmunition. It is added, that the Turk*
1 1 ,"'*" bc f' "j?"" 1 obli ft cd <° **"*<■ themselves up in
tue castle of Caristo, and that the inhabitants ot
j^ e ^ropont are taking vigorous measures to
the surrender ofii.»'
The Greek Senate ia