succeed, to deceive and mislead our
countrymen ; and that this day, will
ever be celebrated as the epoch of
political difunion,between France and
America, never to be again joined,
by a 2 compa& similar to the former.
» Peace, we wiih with all nations ; but
not a dithonorable peace : but a trea
ty of any other kind, with a nation,
~which has often manifelted, they were
incapable of * keeping their promise ;
cannot be a desirable obje® with a
true American. Since the dissolution
of the political bands with this nation,
our commerce has flourithed in a de
‘gree before unknown. We are now
the second commercial nation jin the
world ; and very probably, some who
at this time hear me, may live to fee
the day, when America will béfecond
to none. Our wilderness, may be
said to bloflom as the rose ; and peace
would be in all our borders, but for
* those enemieés to peace, the French :
who on the ocean, continue to injure
us ; and within our country, by their
diplomatic skill continue to trouble
us : and are even endeavouring to
provoke the savages to make war up
on our frontiers. But our rising
" mavy,and gallant officers and seamen,
will corre&t the firft, and the wisdom
and firmnefs of our government, pre
vent the ill effe&s of the latter.—Shall
. then thef? bleflings we enjoy—the gifis
of the Mot High—be prostrated be
~ fore French ambition and cupidity ?
Degrading thought ! Can an Ameri--
~ can, for a moment endure it ? Distant
and powerful nations,have offered,and
_ are now making commercial treaties,
with our Ambassadors. The Monarch
_of the Ruflias, and Sultan of T'urkey,
do not disdain to treat with a nation,
who know how, and are determined
to resent an injury, tho’ done by the
terrible republic. And these mighty
powers, seem roused from their lethar
_ gy as it were by the example of A
~ merica. And the furious Suwarrow,
will ere long give a good account of
~our foes in Italy :—and the hardy
tars of Britain, will thortly extinguith
* the last hope of their marine ; except
_ by. flight, their only resource, they
~ should find that fafety in harbours,
theltered by firong batteries ; which
Neptune, in his dominions will not
afford them. And we hope to fee
them shortly brought to a fate of
~mind, to f{uffer the nations to be at
peace. - e e '
When the French had resolved up
_on revolutionizing all governments,
and their consequent subjugation ;they
determined upon the means the most
dithonorable,at the fame time the most
fatal. But what care the French Phi
~ lofophers for dishonor—provided they
. can triumph. “The age of chivalry
is gone, and that of f{ophifters and
calculatorsfucceeded’’—never wasob
fervation truer—and it might have
" been added the age of affaflins and
murderers has succeeded also. The
murder of the King and his family—
the nobility—and ecclesiastics of every
" denomination—together with thou
{ands of others, innocent people, men,
women and children—for even chil
dren have been guillotined, fully at
tests the fa&. In every country, be
the government what it will, mild or
severe, there will be malcontents.
Those who wish to be themselves the
administrators, though not worthy of
confidence, will wage an eternal war
with the rulers ; and many who a&
" in inferior grades, will constantly envy
their superiors. To this we may add
—the avarice of the needy, who not
inclining to labour for a maintenance,
are willing to procure it by methods
no matter%xdw dishonorable.. To these
malcontents the French were deter
“mined to addrels themselves ; well
knowing that there muflt every where
" exist such a class of men ; and these
would be industrious to excite the fgi‘d
" dy multitude to rebellion, always ond
“of chinge and novelty, and easily led
“'to be jealous of their rulers ; let their
conductbe ever {o unimpeachable. To
“divide and conguer, is an old maxim ;
* but never perhaps, has it been practif
" ed with equal fuccefs,as by the French:
“and corruption, by means of bribery,
has been carried to such a length, with
" them, " that it may be said to be {yf
tamized. By means of money and
promites they corrupt the people of
~ countries they mean to conquer, being
- certain it is but feed sown in good
* ground, which will yield more than
- an hundred fold : and the money will
“return in due season, with great in
~ ereafe (if not to the nation at large)
" yet im douceurs to the Talleyrands,and
- othér minions of government. - Mx
¢ vin (fays this TarLeyranp) has had
histhare,inthe prizegsoney” (theplun
“ der of our commerce) “and the other
- Direétors must have money”—*%you
" must pny 4 great deal of money’—
ayhat more fatisfadtory ‘evidence can
‘ley tbp But of the former kind—
wﬂmmmgméﬂ*ﬂ*%ﬁﬂ
- Jing to belicve the existence of it," T
TR DR NSDk ot
" which fuppoafitions, upon examination
will prove fallacious.—=—lln the firlt
place, we have th# highest evidence
that officers in the principal depart
ments of government, have imagined
the thing possible. The intercepted
letter of Mr. Favcuer,thews that Mr.
Ranborru (then Secretary of State)
conceived it poflible : and although
we have not evidence of his receiving a
bribe ; yet it is«very evident he withed,
arid that the minilter wounld have giv
en it 3 but according to his own words
“You know, Citizen Minister; T have
not the means, therefore 1 threw my
felf upon the pure and unalterable
principles of the republic’”’—But if
the means had not been wanting, we
should have heard nothing of the pure
and unalterable principles of the re
public. © And what leavesit beyond a
doubt, that bribery - was intended, he
apoftrophifes, “What will be the old
age of this government, if it is thus
early decrepid !” FavcHeT was aston
ished th% the apparent honelt Ran-
DOLPH, I {0 young a government,
should so openly apply for a bribe.
But if FaucHeT was deficient in the
means his predeceflor was not. Ge-
NeF had two millions of livres gran
ted him by BrissorT, for secret service
money in America. - What could this
secret service money be for in Ame
rica ! Brissor had tavelled there,
and poflibly had acquifed somewhat
more extensive acquaintance with the
people than Favucuer. Genrt had
also received large sums for prize
money ; and fettled his account with
FavcueT; if therefore FaveueTt had
not the means, @eneT must have been
very industrious in the expenditure of
the money. There are other ways
of bribing than the bribe dire&t. And
how has it happened, that many gen
tlemen in the United States have their
veflels untouched by French Priva
teers ! Some have made fortunes ;
and most have greatly enriched them
selves; andthofe gentlemen invariably
violent partizans of the French. It is
easily solved—it is a well known fad,
that a ¢ gentleman arrived from
France last Summer with French
paflports,which he openly offered for
sale ; and it is a fa@, that the French
consul at Boston, has frequently told
gentlemen, he could furnifh them
with paflports, which would proteé
them from privateers; and that he
had furnithed gentlemen with such
paflports, some of whom he would
name. Then can we doubt of the
exiltence of this species of bribery.
The French have invariably, in all the'
countries they have attacked, held out
this language—“We make war a
gainit the aniftocracy of your, coun
try, but the people we refpe&,and
will prote& ‘them “and their proper
ty.”” Unfortunate dupes ! they find,
when too late, their miftake~—and that
indi{criminate plunder is the sole ob
je& of their fraternizers : and. not a
country ‘or place, which they have vi
sited, but attests this fa&.—~View the
war-like, unfufpe&ting Swiss, admit
ting them into their country, then
robbed, and plundered, and enslaved:
and we now read of a levy of forty
thousand ‘men, made upon them by
their French masters ; which they are
compelled at the point of the bayo
net to raise ; and these, to fight a
gainlt the friends of the Swiss.—The
fame language has been held up to
the United States, and they have con
stantly discriminated between the go
vernment, and the people, and we fre
quently hear the oppofers of govern-.
_ment, calling the {fupporters of it aris
tocrats (many being so ignorant as not
to know the meaning of the term)and
themselves: republicans : {o that with
them the difference between aristocrat
and republican, is that the former are
the friends and supporters of the con
stitution, and government of their
country ; and they, the republicans,
are for overturning both.—Deluded
-men !—~—What security have you, that
by requisition, you would not be the
firt to be driven to Canada, or trans
ported to India, to fight against the
enemies of the Fr_encg 3 should they
establish themselves in. your country.
Or do you suppose, they' will ' respect
your property, more than the betray
ed Maltese, whom they seduced, and
afterwards plundered ? Vain imeigi\na
tion I You would more probahly be
the firft—well knowing your talents
for destroying a government, they
might not ipcline to trust you at large..
At may'not be an improper objeét of
‘enquiry, how it should *?gap;peﬁ;am
‘there are so many men in the United.
States, who.are of a contrary senti
ment- to ‘the majority, and are
alting in dire@ opposition to the go
vernment, and by their. doings are
promoting the schemes of the French
—our most dardgerous and direful en
emies. Though there are matiy of
+his defeription, and although ‘their
'doings’i@vgfécmi“a?l‘y’ injurious to their
country. "1 do not condemn a4/’ 1
believe that many a& from mistaken
motives, are men of honesty and zeal
for-what they call republicanifin, and.
ought 10 be deal wih tenderly and
that we should endeavor to convince
L —————
kil ol gy TAR RET o
them of their error, and of the mis
chief they are unintentionally working
for their country. To men of this
description, I would submit the fol
lowing positions—That itAs essential
to the existence of a republican gov
ernment, that the minority, should
submit to the will of the majority—
that as no man, can pretend to per
fection—would it be more than can
dour in them, to yield their opinions
to the majority of the nation? That
the French, never have attacked any
country ; until by their intrigues (di
plomatic fkili) they have divided the
people into parties, and played off one !
party against the other ; and that ve- |
ry probably, we should never have !
had any difference with France ; if
there had been no. division in our own
country—and that we never shall |
have peace with them, until the |
French are convinced there is a tole- i
rable degreeof union among ourselves. |
Let them fully weigh and confider |
thele positions ; and I believe, the in- !
{ults our country has indured, the loss
of property and depredations upon |
our commerce, and above all, the
blood of our citizens, and the cries of |
the widow and' the fatherlefs—and :
perhaps their particular friends, and l
connexions 3 will rush upon their
minds, and fill them with remorse, !
for the fide they have unfortunately
taken ; and with detestation for our 1
Atheiftical foes. . I have no doubt |
there are many of this description ; |
and as many have, so others will,
change their opinions and become
firm supporters of the government of |
their country. But what shall we
fay to ancther class of gentlemen—2?
Gentlemen, can I call them ? who |
have betrayed the innocent blood of |
their, fellow citizens >—Judas Ifca
riots of the present age, the humble,
fubmiflive and hireling followers of a- |
theiftical philofophifts and fophifters
—the scavengers of the schools of
Vortare ard D’AvemserT—llt is |
true you have the merit of supporting |
a party in the United States, which |
has proved very troublesome to the |
government ; -and that yon have ex- l
cited your infidel masters to rob our
citizens of their property and to de- I
ftroy the lives of many : but, can this
be a gratificationfor the humble part i
you are- acting, and the contempt™
which all good men heap upon you ? ]
had you any feeling or sensibility,
-you would like your patron of old,
set your houses in order and go and
hang yourselves. But you are reserv
ed for greater punithment, both in
this world, and that to come. Your
infidelity cannot destroy or prevent
your future punishment, neither can
- your wishes revolutionize our govern
ment—You may sigh for honors and
high places ; but believe me, you
neither have, the capaeities, the hon-.
elty, or any requisite qualification, to
induce your fellow citizens to exalt
you, except in the way before men
tioned—neither can the livres of Gg-
NET, nor the plunder of our com
merce, in which you have participa
ted, nor French paflports ; much lon
ger console you ¢ bnt you will shortly
fink beneath the load of odtum, heap
ed upon you by all good men, for the
nefarious and contemptible part you
have so servilely a®ed—deferted even
by your jacobinic friends at Paris, no
longer able to support you—and cry
out with the dying infidel your pa
tron—that you “are deserted both by.
God and man.” g
To my young Fellow-Citizens, I
~would now more particularly address
myfelf—for such have the honor of
firft {fuggefling the propriety of cele
bratihgg't%ﬂs day. You have ever been
found (with very few exceptions) to
be truly federal—you are untainted
by prejudices for any foreign nation ;
and as the present generation must
soon pass away——it is a consolation to
refleét, that the next, will do honor
to the patriots, who for some years
past, have been so unjustly calumnia
ted. Youare the future hopes of A
merica, and upon your exertions will
the fafety of our country depend.
There is an ample field for your ac
tivity—the army and navy invites,
~and the profpe@ of glory is before
you. In the words of our august
- Prefident,““to arms my young friends”
~—Qur fleets you must shortly officer
-and man, and our armies you must
recruit—The langior.of our militia
(so astonishing in some parts of the
_country) ybu_\;;?np’ﬁ ’inviiorate; VVithg_
~outdome degree of ent ufiafm, noth
ing great can ever be accomplished ; -
~and enthusiasm is principally ex\pe,&i ;
ed from young minds. 'Though' the
Aituation of our country, is greatly
flourifhing ; yet fill there is danger.
We mult be firm and uniteds vigi-
Jant and agtive, o all will be gt~ |
uThmﬁﬂnié‘nlra:ﬁﬁo;mlkﬂ’afhm,) i
This day COLUMBIA’s born again.”
M Gowallis Spng, sempdled for the ge:.
SN Lol
GE. TN e
* #THOSE.who g wel o
e T s e
Congrefs.—lt is too long to be detailed in a |
note of this kind : in {ubftance it is this : j
Mr. Jay was not fatisfied with Mr. Oswald’s
commission for treating of peace, as the in
dependency of the United States, was not
intimated, and expressed his sentiments to
the Count de Vergennes—but /e thoughe it
{ufficient, and urged Mr. Jay to treat—Mr.
Jay refufed ; and Mr. Oswald sent infor
mation to his court. Mr. Jay discovered
the source of the backwardness to treat
with us as independent States, and men
tioned it to Mr. Oswald, who far from con
tradi€ting, told him a & which confirmed
his opinion that it was the court of France., l
Pending this negociation, M., Jay discover- |
ed that the Court of France had sent a {pe
cial agentto London, fut whose journey was ‘
kept Jecret—determined to counteralt the |
Erojcé}, he sent a special agent himfelf, to
ondon, and succeeded, and in about two
weeks Mr, Oswald had a new commission,
‘‘and to keep us thus far dependent, was mani
feftly the obje& of certain mealures of tha
French courr, calculated so deprive the U
nited States of an immense western territo
ry—of the navigaiion of the Miflifippi—
ard of the fitheries, except on our own
coast.” s
At the commeneement of the negocia
tion, Mr, Adams (our President) was not
at the court of France, and. Dr, Frauklin,
the other commissioner not agreeing (from
some unknown cause) with M. Jay, noth
ing could be completed, until the arrival of
Mr. Adams, who fully approved of Mr.
Jay’s condu& in the business. Oune would
suppose that every American must approve
the conduét of these gentlemen, and thank
them fer their discernment and invaluable
{ervices upon this occafion—buot it has been
said, that James Madison, Eiq..of Virgi
nia, one of the exclusive patrio s—opnofed
granting the tribute due tg them for these
services, viz. the thanks of Congress : al. .
ledging they bad not followed their inftruc.
tons—ro be guided by the French Court.
t The French Court declined torming
any treaty with eur comm:ffioners, until the
news of the capture of Gen, Burgoine’s ar
my arrived in Paris.
¥ Each of these have their advocates, as
caules for the revolution. Some have said,
that the nation thirfled for blood (alluding
to the affair of Si. Bartholomews, where
thirty thousand innocent people were massa
cred in one night, on acccunt of their dif
ference of religion) and Gop has given
them bloed to drink. Ouheis have attribu
ted the revolution to patriots, who really
withed well to markind. This inay bea
faét, and fil) the means employed by the
Almighty to difpence his punithment upon
a guilty nation : And the conspiracy of the
Atbeifts, may at the fame time be the prin
cipal means, Firfl, by defiroying all reli- -
gion and morals ; and lastly, exciting ha
tred to all government and order, a {pirit
of cruelty and of equalizing of property, or
seizing upon the property of the rich. Vol
taire, d’Alembert, Frederick 11. King of
Proffia, with others, had conspired to de
froy all religious opinions, The dofirines
they propagated were, that t4e ungverfal
cauf-~—that God of the philosophers, of (he
Jews, and of the Christians, is but a chime.
ra and a phantom. Imagination daily cre
ates freth chimeras, "which raise in them
that impulse of fear, and such is the phan
tom of Deity. That the phenomena of
nature only prove the exifience of God to
a few prepofleffed men—that the wonders of
nature lo sac trom bespeaking God, are but
the neceflary efforts of matter prodigiondly
diverfified, that they cannot know whether
-a God reaily exists, or whether there really
exists the fmallefl difference between good
and evil, or vice and virtue ; that every
thing that is called {pirit or foul, has no
more reality than the phantoms, the chime
ras or {phinxes that all the ideas of juflice
-and injuflice, of viripe and vice; glory and
Infamy, are merely arbitrary and dependent
on custom. That {ublime virtpe, enlight
ened wisdom, are only the fruits of those
passions, called folly— And that the fear of
Gop {o far from being ‘the beginning of
wisdom would be the beginning of folly—
In {hort that matter is Gop, and the only
Go b existing--and that death is an‘eternal *
sleep | But their malice was particularly
levelied against the Christian religion, be
10g the religion of their country—no matter
what {eft or denomination, Cruflethe wretch
—was the ‘maxim_of Voltaire, and with
which he concluded all his letters 1o his dis
ciples, meaning Chrufh Cliryft’s—crufh the
Christian religion—and in the course of
their labours they frequently would exalt
that they had auvaived their end. I.fideli.
ty, spread throughout Europe, and in the
year 1774, when Louis 16th ascended the
‘throne, he unknowingly chose for his minis
ters some of those infidel conspirators, ex
cept one, whom Voliaire calls 2 bigot, he
being the only man of any religion among
them. - Previous to this time, the King of
Prussia had seceded from the conlpiracy,
finding their aims were fomethisg fuither
-than the -deftru@ion of leligion, viz. ihe
deftrution of throves, and warns the King
of France of his danger: but to no purpose;
the unfufpeéiing Louis, is eventually to be
ruined. Another conspiracy had been
formed in Germany, by Spartacus Weifh
haupt, called the order of Illuminati—who
built his orders of Hluminifm, upon the
orders of Free:mafonry, with which they -
previously could bave no connexion. The
following, is the essence of his myfleries—
**Liberty and equality are the essential rights
Abat man in_his original and primitive per
feltion received from nature, *P’rqpeﬂ’y ;
Miruck the fiefl blow at Equality ; political so.
ciety, or governmepts, were the firft opprels ‘
forsofliberty ; the supporters of gzopemmém; %
and property are the religivus and cipil laws;
therefore, to reinflate man in his primitive"l
ights of equality and liberty, we mufl begin
;-gy deftroging all religion, all civil society,
and finifh by the defiru&ion of all property,” -
‘About the year 1780, or perbaps previous,
these hellith confpiiacies were united ; and
formed at_ Paris, the fac,ic__ty,*: Propagan
difls, and the society of jacabins.. {x;;,, :
ooke o i ii}
their meeting, being amonaflery dedicated
to 31 Jmcicin o acobus; -A¢ .
head o Maéﬁ*ﬁ&*“ Condorcet A
sb b thee, it
deflioy all religion, mor W z*’fﬁ
ErT e
SRS i do eo}
tries (cfpecially out ewn) weare pretty well
‘informed. The providence oi Go b his been -
wonderfully dilplayed in the deaths of the
wretched conspirators. Except Frederick,
not oot that we have any evidence of, died
calmly in his infidelity—and Frederick, a
short time before the death of Voltaire,
wrote to him t 6 know for a certainty whether
he had a foul ; and upon assurances that he
had not, seemed to console him{elf, and af
terwards died with composure. This was
his only hope, his wickedness was too great
for refle@tion. But Voltaire, the great An
tichrist, (for neither Julian, or Nero, or
Dioclefian, or Mahomet, or any other being
who has appeared to ‘mankind, so well ani
wers the description, ) died in hovr.ors i the
84th year of his age. Finding bis end ap
proachivg, he called upon a priest of that
Jetus, he had sworn to crush—he is in an
agony for his past offences and wilhes for ab
solution ;Condorcet is confounded, d’Alem
bert, Diderot, and others approach him on
ly to be accused, the arch devil believes and
trembles, he signs a written recantation of
his infidelity, and died a death worle than a
malefalor, the worm that never dies, knaw
ing upon him—and hideous {pelires terrify
ing his imagination and aggravating his hor
rid fate—‘in plaintive accents he would
cry out—Oh Christ—oh jJefus Christ—and
then complain that he was abandoned by
Gobp, acd man.. An unknown hand seem
ed to trace before his eyes—Cru/h, do crufk
tie wretch. Richelien flies from the bed
fide, declaring the fight too horrible—Mr.
Tronchin, his physician,” that the furies of
Orefles could give buta faint idea of those
of Voltaire.”
D’Alembert, died five years afterwards,
even by the confeflion of Condorcet (who
carefully waiched Him) a prey to remorse.
Didero, finding his endapproaching, asked
to fee a clergyvman—a Mr. Trefac, Reßlor
of St. Sulpice, wairs upon him, and Didc o 2
was preparing a public recantation of his er
rors, but being watched by the conspirators,
1s seized and carried into the country and
dies,
Condorcet being obliged to fly from Paris,
is arrested as a vagabond in the country, jm
prifoned, and th-ough forgetfulocls of
the gaoler, is fuffured to flarve to death—
No one was present to witness his last agon=
les—Briffot and his infidel companioos, to
the amount of about twenty, while on their
way to the guilloiine, bad a short conferrence
(for their time was short) upon the igmor
tality of the foul, and it was concluded the
foul was smmortal..
The horrid Roland and his wife, writers
in the enciclopedia, perished on the {caffold,
theit deaths embirtered by recolle@icn of
their past lives. Roberfpiere having his
jaws sadly broken by a pistol when he was
arrefled, they were'bound up with a cam
brick handkerchief, and being pinioned, e
lay about 24 hours drinking his own blood, -
to prevent {uffocation, and at the {caffold,
having his handkerchief torn off, by the
avaricious and merciless executioner, he
screeched with pain, and shuddered with
terrors at his fate. This I had from a gen
tleman who was an eye witness of Hhis exe
cation. It would be almost endlefls to re
count the terrible deaths of thefle wretches.
A few are flill living—the Abbe Syeys, a
grand leader, the apostate bishop of Autun,
Volney and others, who are mere fcaven
_gers—and Tallieu whose only merit was the
deftrution ©of Roberfpiere—will probably
be cither the food of a crocodile upon the
Nile,impaled alive by the Turks, or dried to
an Egyptian mumy in thedefert. For accord
ing to Voluey, {uch is the excessive beat and
andity, that flefh does not putrefy, but dries
up: and that he has seen camels in perfeft
shape, which have beeround thus dried in
the desert. Ido not vouch for the truth'of
Volney ; bis countrymen in Egypt fay both
be and Savary are liars, and it will not be
(difficult to make the world believe the
whole nation, with few exccptions, are the
fame. ’
§ Genet was recalled, and his condu&t
censured by the French government ; upon
which he pablifhed his infirultions, where
by it appeared he was direfled 10*promote 3
war between' G. Britain and the U. States.
{| Since writing this oration n intercept
ed letter of one of Buonapar!‘ﬁ mirmidons
in Egypt has been'publifhed, from which I
have taken the following extra&, as worthy
of prefervanion—«¢<l rode through the midst
of three thousand slaughtered Mamloucs ;
Milord (‘4is horfr ) wembled under me,
while ] fixed my eyes on tbofe"poor Vice
tims of ambition and vanity, and said to my.
felf--- We cross tle{éa; we brave the Englife
Jleet, we difembark.in a country which nevey
Lhought of us, we pillage their villages, ruin
thiir iuhabitanis, and violate their wives:;
We wantonly run the hazard of dying witk
hurgar and thiff, we are every one. of us
zpn the point %/ biing az[aﬂ‘nated, and alt
this for “wiat ¢ (n truth we have not yet
discovered VBT T R R N
Monsters | Monflers | .\Why does ndt
hell gape for yoo ? It will,it muft—def
treftion awaits you---the vengeance of G o b,
though appaienily flow, is fuse ;. perhaps
while T am wrifing, you are gasping on the
“borniog (ands of thedefert, calling upon the
Alyipg azabs for a drop of water to cool your
.blafpbitnous topgaes. . o T e
.9 This was Buonaparte’s filly declaration
in hismanifefio to the inhabitants of Egypt,
8 wore conceited, vain and empty compofj-'
tion never came from the pen of 2 modery
infidel. . UERRR & IR
. ¥*We frequently hear people faying they
- de mot _knowqwha! 15 [ueant byﬁmbasxf:?,
this leads me generally, 10 set the observer
~down asa Jacobin. In this country the
term is rightly applied, ard it means, a dif
organizer and opposer of the gf(s‘vem;i\_é”m,
and lover and -fav’tgc; French, and -
tainted with cheir in y *a‘pﬂ ahthough
‘many, jacobins dre fo'ignorant, as mot to
‘know théderivation of the term, nor the
feciet influence with which they are opera
ted upon ; yet flill ‘they are jacobins, and
Fuffumwdmm%&%rwwx -
the views of the founders of the feß—in- -
R Lo TES R A g 3%&\" eS,
ufly conelode he ione, 1L -
ok of iﬁé‘@w**ﬁ*“&”{*’*‘i“‘“”ﬁ?@% i
&&M%\@*Mﬁ AEee
bt e Vited Nidret. © Hhe daiafie o 5
_waich may be calily coliCeived, And by