I
i *;; •
• HlKTU) ABO Il'II UHI p B»
j. LETCHER Ai RICH II TOLER,
I>u ,la/ier3 oj’thr. Laws of iht Union.
-The SemMVeekiy Taper, at #4, and the
' ,|,. p,»r, at 5:* per annum, payable in
*"’* _No subscription will be received fur
' '"time than si* months , a’ld no paper « ill
1 'p ,„iitinued (but at the discretion of the
until all arrearages are paid
W . >jvertiseincnts will be inserted at 6f
f-er square (or less) the first time, and
1 > cents for each s-oiilimiaiice Those
?' Hji*t«"ce must be. paid for previous to
STr insertion, or the payment assumed by
* responsild* person in Lynchburg.
“JpChancery Orders are inserted for^i
letter' addressed to the Editors mu t
. ,ojT fAin, or tln-y will not be attended to
Consumptions, Cough*, l$c.
BUTLEll’S vegetable
ixvw.v.v feytemc,
,,,h' cure of Colds, Coughs, Consumptions,
mUting oj Blood, .Isthmus, and alt dts
“ eases of the breast and lungs.
fill IF. HK is perhaps no medical dbservation
Loiter ext iblislied, none more generally
nfir lied by llie experience n| the t>est pliy
11'0f all Rgesand countries, and none ol
* iai lortance to Ihe human family, than
MxcUuat many of Ihe most difficult ami
'«i-»blecori*iiin|ifini»» originate iu neglected
|>i a climate so variable as ours,where
£ changes of the Weather are frequently
iu,, ,„id unexpected* it requires more care
Ulutleiilian to guard against this dangerous
',,v „f life, than mo-t people imagine, or
' '.y* and willing to bestow llie bills ot
■Hilly exhibit the melanr.lioly fart that the
1,0,lions of deatJis ny this disease may lie
c sidered as about five to one. Inasmuch,
JL »s this tatai disease bids defiance to tha
W, of the most learned physicians, it is a
,«t,ficatiun to the proprietor that he is ena,
u j to offer to those afflicted with u a good
tv nrosnert of relief, in that highly valuable
fiinrdy the Vegetable INDIAN SPECIFIC.
Xlio Indians are happy in Ilnur knowledge of
medical plants ; governed wholly by experi
ence, they are certain as to llieir effect, uid
n is said by 1,11 author ol great character, that
k<rue coti-uinpduii is a disease never known
a nong them. ... ,
tint the reason is obvious—so soon as they
liniiltitOM' Ives in danger, they have recourse
Itillieir remedy, which is always at hand, and
whtrh it is iu Ihtir power to procure without
tipinse.
llie celebrated Dr. Cullen has taught us
tint “ our first attention should be employed
in watching the approach ol the disease, and
preventing its proceeding to an iucurahle
slate , sad in persons ol a consumptive liahit,
especially thus* born of consumptive parents,
the slighte t symptoms of an approaching
consumption at the consumptive period ol
life ought carefully to Irt* attended to.
lh< Specific is obtained by extraction from
herbs, roots, dowers, plants, mc. when in per
t-cuon. Ju consequence ot a liappy combi
nation of ttie most valuable herbs, Mr. it bej|
AsiHi a balsam of superior vulue. It heals
firnnnred parts, opens the pores and cum
pees Ihe disturbed nerves atter the manner
dm annodvne ; consequently the cbstruc
fen of the chest and the lungs which consli
tn this disease, particularly need its use —
Ipromotes expectoration, whicii is ronstaut
;called for, and u hilst it cleanses and heals,
iilso gives strength to the tender lungs.—In
tin manner it removes tne hectic lever, ini -
yores digestion, gives strength to the nerves,
up,in the appetite aiut improves tlie spirits
[in specific is mild, pleasant to the taste, and
«yilivays be taken iu safety.
Among the numerous testimonials of cure*
ithrptwsessinu oftlie proprietor, the lollow
»recent one is worthy ot notice :
Uietirbcr 17, 1824.
1,William Price, of the L ily uf lialticiore,
fc hereby certify and declare, that I have
Iwifota long timu afflicted wi h n severe
told,accompanied with an almost incessant
sajph and pain in my In msl and lungs—al-o
rilling ot blood and purulent matter Iron, the
ling!, with night sweats and fevers, and was
vimuch emaciated w ith loss of re.-l, A r. ns to
famish my weight one third. I applied to
Acral eminent physicinns, undeiuent a
r urse of medicine, but could ootain no re
ltd,and found myself last verging on to n
•onSrmerl consumption. Having at length
ittrti of the many astonishing cures el
ided by Butler's Vegetable INDIAN Sl’I.
IIFIC, fur coughs, colds, consumptions,
ft I was induced to make trial ot it —
Ipocured n bottle and found almost iul-j
Niate relief. I continued its use, intpro
’qtust, appetite lictter, and all the sy rup
fa-uf the disease diminishing daily, nol
faitanding 1 diligently persevrred in fol
ding the directions for those afflicted w’bli
l!t^msuui|8ion, and iu a few weeks, was
I etxly cured and liave remained so tor
•faral mouths, t am now iu lietter heallli
,:d!e«h than I have been for many years, to
great astonishment ot my friends. I
'■"‘tore rer.iuiiincnil the tisp ot the. Vegetable
faint Specific with confidence to my fellow
f'’reus, as a sale, effectual and pleasant re
lady for consumptions, coughs and all disea
fa nf the breast and lungs.
fa'S'ifa) MM PRICE.
,-aCii bill of directions contains m detailed
II • ouut of lbi« disease in all i1 diirtient sta
f-.a ! i$ accompanied with the signature ot
1 1 fr"l rifaor, in Ued Ink.
|e iru.iry I.
a*"ne tnedirine is to lie find only at
* "? *ad Me !h IIP St'MP of
t THOMaS J. DlVAf..
fajriixryl. tstS
P I'urmiance of an Ordinnnt e of the
harp,a;,tn,I, „f Lynchburg, passed the
June, 13U. the undersigned will re
j!r.f lllo|*osala in w riting until Monday the
, 'l ■’ nl May next, for keeping in ft pail,
J ,l“* 1st d «y - f May, (18'ilG,) the follotv
$streets *tid alleys of I!#*■ tow n, to wit :
(lr'Pr s^r|,et, from the lower i dge of 1st
I *" second slrei t ; Gilt alley, from The
edge of |iit street to the limits of I lie
,(il|' IT,,stward ; 3d alley , from the see nd
)if|,le "I'per edge of foorlll street ; Tilt
,J'fr"mSSd street to tin* limits of the
,j '"eslwaid. Said proposals may he
, N in the hands ot either of the sub*
Hk, '1' "I"' meet at the Franklin
C tl 11S o’elock mi said day, and if none
^ vial proposals shall he aecepted.
proceed hy politic am timi to let
l;,Ui'"r!i **’ *h«* low est iiidder, the under
!'."S hood with approved sennit)
. ‘-'lllfnl peffm mailer of Ills contract,
erilu-cj in said Ordinance.
' CJ. tlUUHKLL, d
‘HMtV UWIS, Commit-;
Jf"IN i:\HLV, tee.
. fmmo.n Hancock, 1
Sl1^- v\ ^ w.C3
SUBSCRIPTION PAPER
FOK T1IE
AMERICAN *ARMKR.
* JlHIS Journal is published hy JOHN S
SKINNLK, the Postmaster of the City
of Baltimore, in weekly numbers of eight
quarto pages—That, is for example, on a
sheet, the size of the National intelligencer,
or any large newspaper, lolded -n us In make
four leaves, or eight pages Each volume
consists of tit I y two of these numbers, or -ilti
pages, with a title page and an ample index,
hy means w hereof the subscriber can readily
turn to arty subject which lias been spoken ui,
in the course ot the preceding year. Thus
! each volume contains more than son ordinary
i pages, and more than double the matter,
contained in a volume of •• the Memoirs ol
the Agricultural Society of Philadelphia,"!
which sells lor tour dullm's per volume.
The I t Rms of the AMERICAN FARMER
are, Four Hollars per year, it the subscriber
takes the risk ot loss, or injury ot Ihemunbers,!
hy transportation in tin mail—urillie prefer to
pay five dollars, the editor will guarantee the
actual receipt ot each number, in good condi
tion for binding, provided notice be given
w ithin one mouth, ot the mutilation or total
failure of a paper hy mail.
.As the Editor makes it an invariable rule,
to pay Ills Printer, Paper Maker, l lerk, En
graver, Ate. ktc. everv week, and is determined
not to Vorce lu» paper upon those w ho do not
think it n orth paying J'>r, the subscription mo
ney must always tie paid in advance—the
amount may he sent, by those w ho wish the
paper, to the Editor, direct, by mail, at his
cost and risk, (which i« the simplest and best
way,) or may be paid to any Post Master or
person holding these papers, whose receipt
w ill entitle the holder to the paper for out:
year, or more as the case may be.
All subscriptions must commence with a
volume, and none will In: received lor less
than one year. A single number will lie sent
at any time to any person wishing to see a
Specimen ol the w01 k
I he AMERICAN FARMF.il is devoted ex
clusively to jigncullnrt, Inliniui Imprui t
tntnts and Unintslu: Lconumy ; and to the Sci
ences immediately connected with the illus
tration, and advancement, ot these great ob
jects
In each number the practical Farmer will
find <he rent pru ts ot the staple commodities
of his labours, staled on pauicuiar personal
empiiry, mid actual sales of crops—with
names,’ places, and dates; and exury tiling
which lots even the uppeurame of personal
or political altercation, is rigidly ciciudtd.
lhe American Farmer was undertaken by
its present Editor in l«H», without patronage,
and without correspondents; with a view to
occupy agreeably liis leisure hours, amt in
the hope of elevating to its proper rank and
dignity in tiie public esteem, the employment
of the Husbandman, which luid been hitherto
regarded a, having little or no connexion
with intellectual improvement Five vol
umes have been completed, under the in
creasing approbation and patronage of the
community, for whose benefit it w as projecle 1
and he now leaves if to spr.uk Jur itstlj, deem
iug it unnecessary, it not uniiecuiu'i g, to ot
ter particular teslmnuials ot the value ot a
xvoik, which has been so long before the pub
lick. This value is now de ved almost ex
clusively ti• > ?h number, experience, ur
ban tv, and '. ti .ous intelligence ol corres
pondents ’psuling ill nil pails ot the union;
who generally appear under tlnir proper
names, u»e lue 1 aiuier as a central and com
mon medium for the interchange m theii
opinions and experience; Cud are known In
the country for their success as i’ruetical
i I nsliandmen, as well us tor their science and
ge i era I ntiaiumt nts.
lo&iva to those who have never seen the
Amkkicav Kahmiu, m hi tter conception ol its
general < ' utents, tlie Editor takes, at random,
Irotn Urn Index tr one volume, the references
under une, out ol two hu'ulrtd head*
biil.hr—on teediug with roots, about ten
pounds per day—then average consumption
ot tood, page 37—-it i.s thought, cannot be
profitably reared b\ gra.-* farmers, 4*!—man
gle wurtzel excellent food tor; surprising
increase ol weight ted on 51—have been the
victims ot ex'i coronary caprice—merinos
miirifired for w ant ot know ’edge how to man
age, 70—the culture ol tin* turnip indi-pen-a
hie in the profitable rearing ol, bit—how to
cleanse and shear, bo—a composition lor an
ointing, S 6—breeding to teed safely oft of
clover, lid—rw* s should be kept low alter
taking the ra ti. till just before lambing, 110—
query respecting a disease in, described vul
garly ca led tens cock spring:: incurable but
may be prevented, I 10 exhibited at the Ma
ryland cattle -how , <«eneral Mason’s lefterjfn
ltie editor announcing his intention to send
a pair ; he is "t opinion that high feeding of,
t nils to the production ol com -e wool, 115—
licks in, how to destroy, 144—apprehended
that the merino has been too gemnill v siilht
crl to mingle with common flocks, 167—the
blind staggers in,occasioned by an insect, 2<K51
to guard against, 207 —may they not be man-!
aged to profit on grass farms . a* large flocks
are raised in countries vvliere *he turnip and
other green food are unknow n ? it would fol
low that they may; what quantity of hay
would be consumed by a giv cn number of, 22«
I remedy tor a disease in, to which they are ex"
posed from travelling and exposure, *270—
the -oil and climate of Smith C arolina adap
ts d to, 275—the health of yeaning ew e*, and
thrift of lambs, depend much on succulent
tood, 388—how managed on the king of Eng*
I land’s Norfolk farm, 125—points of good, and
how to handle to sele , should never be
caught by the wool, 4o6—Diseases \:c. of,
dvacribeu ; enquiries respecting, and reme
dies, 1H», 144, 2tM», 2*»7, 270, 412—cause*
| of, symptoms a.c. of, <41—reports on, exhib
ited at cattle shows, 123, 3b3 — reports of an
i iiuhI fleeces from, w ould, by instructing in the
comparative merits of different breed*, tend
i lo improvement, 373—the Dishicy r’’* liake
| well, a cross of the Lancashire ami Leake of
i Derbyshire, 174—their superior value in
| lle^l) am! fleece, 4od—for sale by the Lditor,
! IMS—also by A. Clement, 263—the Tunisian
j broad tailed, an inexplicable fact respecting,
313—history of their intro action into this
i country, 176—emphatically the farmer *
sheep ; productive in fleece, and excellent in
i carcass . impediments to intercourse obviated
i by change ot ram or ewe, 342—a hardy race ;
I a cross recommended with the merino, 152
| wild,id North America, found near lb< -our
ccb «»f the Illinois and Columbia river-, have
fine fleeces resembling that ot the cashmere
goal, 363.
The expence of publishing Imp American
I*(timer i*> much enhanced by the number ot
Ihipnii inf's, w hich' in the course ol •■ach vol
nine, it is tumid necesscary 1«> have executed,
mid inserted, to shew’ the form, nature, and
u«es, of new ami useful agriculture machine v,
implement®, plants, grasses, fc:e. A single
volume, tor instance, contains engravings
explanatory of the structure ami application
, of the lolliHving tilings •
Ch’TS, u!-igrain of a canM near .?eme«'river
1—^jii Uolrative ut the propriety ot having a
under coulter to a p'ough, 13—TMaplam s
substratum plough, ‘2d of the 8. Carolina
plough, 31—ol n wheat Imii, 4k—ot Cherry, a
ree*\vnler lieiter, iH—ol it I. vi l to U used in
hor'uontnl ploughing, tH>—i'lusliativ e of (be i
economical hydrostatic lilt. 78—ol an iron
omical mud scoop, ks—n| a patent hay and
grain mice, 112—n I SinelHii’s how ing mat hi lie.
120—ol a wheat Ian, 120—■»of Ki rney's plough
cleaner and holdfast, I OK- ot a noiii'nical tool,
173—tread mill, 2bI -flan breaker, 27o—fpe
ciinensof Cuinea gras*- 2kK- 1 heSeima plant,
2i>3—descriptive ol rol>bet'» plan ol hiving
•uUa garden, 307 -ot ;t method of discovet
ingthe distance roots extend hoi iKontnll) , : ’ •
Dayton’s straw cutter, 3f»n—iron life l *
—illustraliveofan improvement upo the ml I
ion gin, 38<h 3NI—of CobbiMt’s plan ol cult. [
vatiing the grape, 3l>3.
f inally, as in the value of the American <
Farmer, from its c niral position, aiuf its ten j
dency to enlighten its readers on the practice j
of eve y branch ol Agru ilmre and KtirnI ami j
Domestic l.cottoniy, and not to mnD this pa
per loo long, the 1 iitor refers widi confi
deuce to a j\ ir gentlemi n of «cvera* Votes,
whose hr mi « are taken as they offer ll*«
lid ot his subscriber*, and corre'p mtlci is
l hi* he trusts will supersede *111 n» > .»iv for I
parading, as lie might do, iniunili extract
from numerous letters, written to h * n tl •
course of business, by geniVniPh of every
Stale, speaking of Hie Ann i.ceu J i .. r, in
terms of ihe most particular s.'*iafactinn
founded, as they slHte. oil 11.o eon tan j em
sal of it for more than fiv* \ e « 3 tut* ltd
lowing, as to all or any o h s * t»*« tlo*r«f tke
Editor cheerfully refers lor iht tendency and
merits ol his Journal
1'arsons relerri d to by 1! >■ T’.d •« r, for their
opinion of the merits him! I. ieni v of the A ■
merienn Fanner, in tl »• '<■ ot Virgin n. !
John Wickham, Thomas J Iv. - d< , J *■ i
M Harnett. IVter Minor, J v. I! nr! . ‘ '
s. Griffin, J C Cahbell J..uies |‘a, t unr, C J
F. Mercer, Edmond ItuPin. J« fin Pandolph
of 1< Thomas Jefferson. James Made n. H .
s i urner, \\ illiam Steinberger, *1 • Gi ,
tin, hichard Meade, William M Ian o.
l innllv , any person who may u« ’ be *atis
fievl, on a view ol Ihe work, w i l tie »i 1 * v ’
to return it forthw ith, and reclaim the an *.>
ad ai ceil.
UT* All persons to whom! hi*. pop* r is .i*r',
are supposed lo take a par; ia. »i ‘ • d i
the promotion of improvement ini'
tore, and Domestic Frouoir * res
pectlully solicited to receive at •rausmi* n
money and Ihe names ui subscribers
Subscript ions to the “ American
Farmer” receivdd at this office.
A pril 14, 1025.
({iiuntico ('anal Lottery <j r t
SIXTH CLASS
TO Ht. DILI IIjY THE
8VV\ (Van aV \HSio,
Ami coitip'eted in a f. minutes.
.•7. Mcl.. i UK, Manager.
SCH KM I..
I pr.ze ot 5KI.MHI is 5. . no
i is <«,•
t 4,110(1 is 4,tJM*
1 3,000 is 8,000
1 S!,(HM. is 2,000
1 1 ,,">38 is 1,038
6 1,000 is 6,1(00
6 600 is 3,000
6 200 is 1,200
166 24 is 3,744
31?, 12 is 3,744
46b 8 is 3,744
7800 4 is 31,200
8760 prizes 70,170
I060O blanks.
I bis lottery is formed by the ternary rom
binatinn and |ierai.oation of 30 n'linln-rs. 1 o
determine llie prizes therein, (lie 3o 1.umber*
will lie publicly placed into n wheel on the
day of dt awing, and Ion rat them will he draw n
out ; and that ticket having on it the 1st, 2d
and 3d draw'll Nos in the order in which i
diaivii, w ill be entitled to the prize ol 10,000
dollars , and those five other tickets whic/t
shall have 011 them the same Nos. in the tol
lowing orders, shall he entitled to the prizes
aflixed to them, respectively, viz
The 1st, 3d and *?*J to 56,000
2d, 1st and 3d to 4,'Hit*
2d, 3d and 1st to 3,000
3d, 1st anil 2d to 2,oHi
3d, 2d ami 1st t» 1,638
Those ' in other tickets which si all have on
them three ol the drawn Nos ami those three
the I 2d and 4th, 10 one of tln ir several or
ders ot combination or permutation, w ill or* h
he entitled to a prize ot 51,01.0.
1 hose six other tickets w liiclt slial! have on
them three ol the drawn Nos and those three
the to. 3d and 4th, in some one ot their seve
lal orders ol combination nr perm mat ion, w ill
each be entitled to a prize ot ,Sot HI
Those six other tickets which shall have on
them three ol the drawn Nos. and those three
the 2d, 3d and 4th, in some one tit their or
ders, will each In- entitled to a pi ize ol 52011 1
Those 166 tickets which slit'll have oil then,
two of the drawn Nos. and those two the 3d
and 4th, will each be cnlitled to a prize 01
524
T hose 312 tickets which shall l ave on them
two of the drawn Nos anil throe two the 2d
and 3d, or 2d and 4lh, w ill each he entitled to
a prize ot 5 1‘-’
Ail others, being 46P, Itav ing on them two
ot the drawn Nos. will each ho entitled to a
prize ot 58.
And all those 7,800 tickets, having on them
hot one ot the drawn Nos. will each he enli
tied to a prize ol
No ticket which shall have drawn a priz>
of a superior denomination, etui he entitled to |
art inferior prize.
Prizes payable 30 days alter the draw ing, j
and subject to the usual deduction ot littech
per cent.
II hole Tickets $4 0,>
Unices 'i ""
Quarters * I
Packages of ten ticket', embracing the TO
Nos. of ttie lottery, vvltii It ol ncci ssity must
| draw at least 5 * 3 60 nett, with so many
hances for capitals , or shares ot packages,,
may be had at the same rale.
Prizes in any of the lotteries of New fork,.
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland amt
Virginia, w ill he received in pay cent.
(Jj- Outers for lickkts (enclosing the cash'
in nitv of the lotteries of New km’k, Penn
sylvania, Maryland and Virginia will meet
with prompt attention, il addressed to the
truly iut ky ollice ot
A Bit AM It. NORTH, Lynchburg.
.P hrtiHry 11. ^
JV o\ ice.
I'/pHF. subscriber being nhnnt to remove
| from this place, earnectly re<|uc«ts nI'
' tliose indebleil in b!ii> to come luri*ard »nd
[ se'tle tbeir accounts forthwith, as lunger in
! dulgence w ill not lie given.
Ho remaining stack of GROC F.KIf.S will
11,,, disposed ol on Hie lowest terms turensh,
in Older to wind up bi*business.
, ltuUFRT ORH
VaAih f». 2" ,m6'i
TI1F. JACOBINS.
Tin* follow ing romantic account of
an initiation into the mysteries ot the
Jacobins, is taken from the second
series of Mr. Grattan’s highlv-amus
mg work entitled ** Highways and
Byways.”—The well uuthenth ated |
Histories of the German Illuminati, i
rentier it probable that (his detail is1
not altog-ther fit titfous ;
• * (' rn>! ms stopped for a while in]
the narrow path, on the brow of the
hid, a long whit It his companion led I
Me way null while he contemplated I
the t aim hcautv of the scene, anti lelt
as it his whole thoughts could
smoothly float on the silver-surfaced
sli t tin, lie was roused by Armantl.
who • t pped short and said alotnl.—
•• •Now, citizen, we are arrived,
in,the inline of liberty advance ami
enft r.”
•* Cornelius started at the sum
mons, hot )1 collected instant ly the
purpose ' < had in mind, ami wiih
tin • **ita’ .ng step tie followed close
upon his guide. They entered a cu
vity in the t ailh, almost wholly con
cealed hy I ranching shrubs, and
Armand li ing whispered sonu ]
w.tti ii-word, ■' man tire. sed in black
r reived ti.t ■ in share, and mo ,
tinned them lo , r,"i mi. The pas
mve w ci a v and winding, dim
1, ,, h* i .terv als hy tin lam ho
ly lamps.' . ieh flhotie on the wall,
and *t ewf'i ot ensionally grim orna
ments o'. skulls and hones. They
pe i tr.deti far into one of those cx
ca\ h o is v hu h are formed all along
tl i , of the hill, and which were
.•ci molly intended for wine vaults,
and most of them used as such. In!
t! i 'depth of one of these recesses,
tin society of the illuminati Held tlielr
•mi ■ rt meet-tings. F.very thing
which could impose on the minds of
M • veak, or rouse the imagination
' 1 the enthusiastic proselyte, was
studied in tin- decorations of the t a
v t»i n rouiinl-t hairtber and its ap
u h -s. 1V.i; lights, black hang
in . ,:attc «*ti ins ruments of death,
and ijo-iO'otot s of mortality, were
display in scanty and solemn ar
r- ig incnt. Armand led on follow,
ed by Cornelius, vvlio felt no senti
ment but contempt for the imposing
mummery ; hot . t length when
they reached an opening space which
Armand announced as an anti-cham
ber ol the tineii room, our hero,
started witu horror, and felt liis
Mood run chill as he observed three J
or four naked corpses lying on the }
floor, 'u the breast of en< !i of w in, h
a daggt r was stuck, while from eat It
a stream ot blood ran trickling.
»• Arman,d saw his emotion, ami
smiled. He felt a species of triumph
in momentary expression of alarm,
whii i» Cornelius face displayed.)
Hut tiie InMer cmisti ued in liiw smile
in a different sense. He thought lie,
saw in it the rejoicing ti« a< liery of
a irurderotis intention : lie, shrank |
hack, and turned his head round with
the, view of flying from the place,
when he observed two nun dressed
in black, with naked swords in their
hands who had followed silently, Sc
made retreat impossible. They said,
with an encouraging expression of
couiitt nance, • fear nothing, citizen ; j
this is hut a preparation for the test
Of your courage and virtue.’
«*» Do not hesitate nor doubt tnr ;
(whispered Armaml,) he firm, of
you are lost,*
*< With these words he knocked at
a door before them, and on his re
plying still i: whispers to some fjues
tmns from within, it opened, and lie
ami Corneous once admitted, it clos
ed again, with a sudden sound, that
was like the echoing sentanc e of e
ternal imprisonment.
Three men of fierce aspect sat at
a table ; their looks glanced wildly
through their i iven locks, and seem-;
ed to tell a story of ferocious
thoughts and deeds. The chamber
was, like the approaches to it, faint
ly lighted and sadly adorned. A
hook lay on the, table, v ith writing
materials. Three or lour daggers |
were its only other furniture, and
their blades Were steeped in blood. I
“ A few rapid questions were pro
posed to Armand, as the name, age,
and quality of the friend whom he,
thus introduced for admission to the
society. These answered, and eti- j
ten d in the register, which lay on
the table, Cornelius was asked if he
was ready to give his first proof of
his patriotism, his devotion to the
cause of freedom, and his hatred of
his foes. lie answered iti the affir
mative : and then it was demanded
I ;.f Armand w liether he was willing to
set the example to Ids friend of the
j deed which he would he called upon
to perform. Armatid replied that
! he was, and on the word, a curtain
1
I "as drawn, which disclosed a cave
Atill darker than the other, from the
undistingiiishable depths of whirh
low groans were heard to prw red.
I'liejr became gradually louder, and
finally a blood-stained mm h was
brought forward b> two men, and
on which lay hound another, writh
ing in Apparent agony
•• • Take the ilagger, lirother.
(said the I'resident hi a hollow \et
to rci tune.) Take the dagger, and
strike, the Aristoi rat to the heart.* i
“ Armamt seized tin* weapon, and !
advanced tmvanls the cniirh. The
man who lay on it, and who seemed J
suffering under the inftii tion of tor
tine, no sooner saw the uplifted wen- j
pou. than lie uttered a shriek, which |
seemed to pierce Cornelia's heart, &.
s< learned aloud for mercy !
•• ♦ No mercy for the. Aristocrat— i
no hope for the Royalists. (oHetl
Armauil ;) blood, blood, ill the name
of our country and our rhvenge !’ <V
with the last word he stem k the
dagger f it against the suppliant's
breast. A stream of blood followed
the ea;ioii as lie drew it back—a
drep*T groan Issued from the body,
and both executioner and victim
were instantly concealed by the
black curtain which fell between
them and the witnesA of the deed, |
*• 1 ornolius stood shocked wilh|
ast lishnient and horror. A few j
minutes of dreadful silence passed
over when the curtain was slowly
raised, and the mute attendants car
ried forth a dead hrnly, the poignant 1
last in its bleeding bosom. They
passed t i door, and Cornelius's
heart sunk as he heard the deal!
weight of the corpse fall on the ear
then floor.
•• The roue'll was again brought
forward, anil on it lay another mail,
apparu. tly more exhausted or mole
lit in than the llr.st, lor lie only hem
| rd heavy sighs, and but half turned
his pallid litre, and si nice open eyes,
with indifference or insensibility on'
the scene.
“ ‘ Now, citizen, take the dagger
and l id the country of one enemy
more, establishing your right to her
gratitude and our rutifidcnce. l ake
up tile dagger,’ c ried the president.
“ Cornelius, in tlie ahstrac lion of
terror, seized the weapon—advanc
ed as it were instinctively towards
the couch—raised his arm while his
brain reeled—-hut stArted in instan
taneous recollection ol the scene be
fore him and of the de ed lie was a
h(,ot lo commit. The. dagger was
fallen fro.n his hand, when the pros
trate man called to him in a smother
ed whisper, inaudible or unnoticed
by the persons at the table, and the
mute attendants, • Strike fearlessly,
Cornelius—It is l, Armand—there
is no reality in your blow ; I wear
a corslet, and your dagger’s blade
runs up into its own hilt.—•Strike !’
»• A ijuck com a lion flashed aernns
Cornelius's mind, lie saw all was
a hidrii'is trick to try the nerves of
the proselytes, lie struck at the
hoSoni of the pretended victim. The
groan issued, and the blood flowed
--and the curtain tell between him I
and (lie council chamber.
“ Ann a ml sprang upon his feet, A. |
'.Vas with our hero hurried by the
mutes into another room, where
hnlliant light* showed a party ofup
waids of a hundred young men, ca
rousing, eating, drinking and enjoy
ing themselves iri strange contrast
to the frightful ordeal through which
the uninitiated were made to pass j
This mockery of lilood and horror
was used, as Cornelius had surmised,
to prove the courage and despera
tion of those who wished for admit
tance. Those who had gone through j
the trial acted the parts of the sa
crificed Aristocrats. Dead bodies
were procured from the. hospitals «J*
burial grounds, and danger to tho
actors avoided by spring daggers,
and concealed breast-plates while
bladders containing blood were made
to burst by the. harmless blows.
<< Alter these initiatory horrors,
which many of the. highly-excited
youths would, in the hey-day ol re
publican frenzy, have gloried in had
they been real, tiie newly-admitted
member was all at once, introduced
into the scene of ferttive enjoyment
before described. Beyond that there
was nothing terrible. An oath ol
patriotism and secrecy, a signal com- j
inunicuted, a certain sum deposited
to aid the general fund—anil all the
ceremonies of installation were com
pleted.”
ON UUELTJNU dt [Jrv. Frahki.is.
It is astonishing that the murder*
ouh practice of duelling, should con
tinue ho long in vogue. Formerly
when duels were to determine law
suits, from an opinion that Fruvi
• -
idritrc would in every instance favor
ItrotliHnd rigid witli victory, tiny
were e\« usable. At present tin e
decide nothing. A mini says sotm
tlimg whit It another tells him is
a lie. They light; hut which ever
is killed, the point in dispute re
mains unsettled. To this purpose
I have a pleasant little story.—-A
gentleman in a coffee-house desired
another to sit Further From him*
•Why mi * Itecause you stink.’
• I hut is an alli ont and you must
fight me.* • I will fight you if you
insist upon it ; hut 1 do not see how
that will mend the matter. For If
you kill me I will stink too ; and if
I kill yon, you will stink, if possible,
worse than you do at present.’ How
can sm h miserable sinner* ns wcai o
entertain so much pride, as to con
ceit that every oH'enre ngaist our im
agined Imnnr mci its death { Theft©
p« tty prim es in tlicit* own opinion
would t all that soveieign a tyrant,
V' ho should put one ot them to dentil
fite a little uncivil language, though
pointed at Ins s.u red person Yet
every one of them makes himself
judge in his own i ause, i oluh inns
the olleitder willinut a iry, and uu
dertak.es himself to ho tile execution
er.
. .. 11 i»i
MigWat VrV/.e.
IJMn.V t'ANAL LOTTPRY,
1 U I I y H I II t I AV « HI VV VCRII1.
aitia.tt.3.
rill tj In itruui hr llfft dny uj .\1nu tint,
amt ctim/ lnrd in a Jiw m nvltt.
1 prize of £50,out is g50,000
l 20,000 20,000
1 10,tu>0 10,000
5 5,000 10,000
1 4,720 4,720
20 1000 20,000
no 500 15,000
52 J 00 5,200
150 50 7,ft00
1248 20 £4,960
10008 10 106,080
12,120 priSnA £273,760
22,100 blanks
34,52:20 ticket* nt S«, in 8273,78f>
In this scheme, mill right dmwo ballots,
them will lie Sll |n t/es well three mimhcig
■in them ; 1 t.'iG with 2 immherH on them J
iii'il lll.liuH with t nnniher Those lii keU
with noini of the drawn number* being
blanks.
No lii ket wliieH sliall llavedirtwn a prizfe
of a hiipi i Of <11 nomination, cal; lie entitled
to "ii inferior prize,
1’i i/en payable no days after Hip dra« in*,
ami subject to the. usual deduction of
per cell!
Tickets Jit), and shares in proportion.
Oideia fin tuketa by mini (post paid) or
prl« ale convey Alice, enclosing the • ..'Ar'lf,
<>i prize tickets, in any of the late lotteries,
will meet willi the Hama attention Bl if Ull
personal application, if liddrrBaeiJ to
lWUVvW W. .VMITU*
Main Street, I.t/nchbiiffe.
O'* All pi iz.es sold ill the above scheme
! pledge Ml)Sell to pay with promptness, if
ordered at my truly l.uvky Olflve.
April 1
Colil Pressed CrtMor Oil, K|moiit
Soils, Calomel, Citiujilior, \i*.
WALTKIl II. MII'DLKTON,
a form cahy am) ihivumst,
AS received* I'y the Intent ninthly
1_Inin riillnil<j||'liin hiIiIii mjiiiiI supplies ot
,'t inline iviKDICINi.S, which |i i hern
i nrelully elected Uy tin e*|ieiieiired Iminl,
jiurt’linsed on the inietl favorable terms, war
muled to lie of tIn- first order, mid will lie
sold ns low ns they can bejmd in Virginia —
I lit- following enihrncts it jmit of Ids stock,
vis
West cnlil press'd Cas
tor Oil, in quart,
|-ii>I mid hull pint
untiles
Kpsom Suits
<iiiniliiT do
t uIoiiihI
Jalap, t'mhp'lior
Cream Tnrtar
J’ lni i Sulphur
tUlilhurti in roof
Ditto in ponder*
(mill 0|< in in
Calcined Magnesia
I,limp ditto
Sugar Lead
IVruvlau Hut'll, f very
in pou der, , nipe
do do. iu ipiill, ) rior,
I art a i- Kinetic, KngtTi
Ketini.'d borax
Spirit! Mitre
HnUatn f'opaivn
Itotined l.iquorice
Common ditto
Suits Tartar
(. tuiella Hark
Ked rrer.ip.Ual6
(•util Aloes
liurn Arriliie.
Spanish Flies
Spake Mamin
Itiniin Leaves,
Sum Ouaiciim
(iiinar Ouintiu
t.orrioiv Sahlimate
Arrow (tool, sup.ipntl
While Vitriol
Flowers
Volatile Sain
Sulphate Ouiiiiiie n
in m hi , .i le
I penii'UiiiiliH
Coluillho III /■not IIad
in powder
I Ira li ,'r Feel, l IT'll
Otoil III li Boot
Bint- V ilriol
S'*‘Ti Oil
K..I ml do.
(•mu (ihloboge
(•mu Myrrh
(ill IIHIIIOU
Oil Worimeed
Oil ( hives
lU-fined Suit 1’i'tre
'I nmoriiids,
1 HplltCH
Pearl Barley
Spirit* Hurolmrn
Oil Ciniituniiii
IB me Hiilcr
Oil Pcpppnilint
Kill-Hi t IlHI'li
Ksirnct Hcmlm lc
Sup C'arli. Sd.ln
larlarir. Arid
Cruftin Oil
Sulphuriii Ai id
Nine ditiii
Murietir diito
Lens Alililiiliou* Pills
Ooldrii i mrttirp
PhiiI'h CollllllhlHH Oil
F.ss. Mustard, Arc. Air
I oN II\Nl>-—English White Lead, Linseed
1 Oil, Spirits J'urpentiue, (needier with every
! other article used in (Hunting, which can l.e
ba t ut his usual low price*. ‘ Jan -26.