" Frum PEPPERRELBORC, (M.}
;’“ e &mieaw-ln de :o dence was celg.-
“brated at Pepperrelboro’ with every
. @emonfiration of joy and fellivity }
‘.e\‘rggtoumenancc was radiated with
.gla nefs of heart, and each citizén
- E&ed to add his part to the flock of
~ pleasure and innocent mirth. Round
the gladsome board fat the venerable
~ fath%:%ﬂc the bolom of the son,
-~ fwellingwith joy at the profpe@ of
7 fature liberty, gave a proud sensation
- te the ' venerable 'Paiyigg;, who now
- felt their exertions had not been fruit
lefs, they should leave a race worthy
. to ,t'r'angl\i't, to posterity that Free--
s :;%fo dearly bought by their ancef-~
° "At finrife a discharge of seventeen
- fjggnﬁ by Capt. Sawver’s Artillery,”
*© ‘fdmmoned the éitizens to a prepara
gion%ﬂ;g or the pleasures of the Day ; at
+l2 ©o'elock a lengthy’ progeffion was
~ formed at Creave’s Ind, and pro
teeded to the Meeting- House, under
-the escort of the Artillery Company,
- where an Oration was pronounced by
the Reverend Mr. Waircowms, which
recéived the applause of the auditory.
Suitablé music was performed in the
Meeting-House by a number of gen
tlemen: The proceflion again form
ed, and in the {ame order returned to
Cosave’sHall. Twu.Currs, Efd. was
chefen President, Col. Lane & Capt.
Icaarop Jorpon, Vice Presidents. A
very excellent dinner was provided;
and about seventy citizens, with “good
appetites,” cheerful countenances, and
hearts expanding with joy, harmoni
ously partook of the fame,” Under a
discharge of cannon they "drank the’
following 3 ‘
‘ TOASTS: :
1. The Day—May its annual re:
turn bring a frefh recolle@ion of the
*principles and men which effe&ed the
Revolution. ' |
2. THomas Jerrerson—Firft in Pa.
triotifm, firft in talents, may he receive
that refpe& jultly due to hint by every
friend to rafional liberty throughout
the world. * s :
3. Madison, Gallatin, Dearborn and
- Smith—TFriends to their country, who
- firmly Rand at their posts, beioved by
‘the people, ‘while the thafts of Feder
. alifm fall harmless at their feet. ‘
. ‘4. Living fion and Munroe—as firm
Patriots, a 1 able Negociators—they ]
merit the gratitude of their country.
* 5. The present Federal adminiftra- i
tion—its a 7 report to the world the
purity of a' genwine Republican Gov
vaerniemt, ) lec - :
- 6 To'the memory of thofz illuftri
otis Patriots, §amuzl Adams, Fobn Han
cock, and tlhe brave Warren—may we
~imitate their virtues, while we recol- |
lect their services with gratitide.
, 7. Thed.Jrion of the A merican States 1
—may it run with time; and end only
with it ; and may they who fitlt ad
- vocate itg dissolution meet the izdiz
nant frovgns of an insulted people.
8. The Minority of Maflachufetts
Legiflature—--firm and prcfervipg,
while their constituents applaud their
condad, =~ o
9. Tiie Militia of the U. S.—our se
curity in ‘peace, our reliance in war ;
may every good citizen be a good fol- l
dier, and every soldier a good citizen.'
_vo. The Diflrict of Maine—May she
{foon rank with the other U. States,
and efpoule the caule of republicanism,
and ycfcr/bnian Policy. ]
11, Commodore Preble—who foa
bly explains to the Tripolitan pirates
the Cannon Law. | i
12. Unisn, Syfien, Concord and Har
snony, among the republicans of Maine.
13+ The Commonwealth of Mafjachu
' Jetts——may its citizens have virtae and
“éntelligence {uilicient praétically to de
fine tiie words Liberty and Equality,
without the neceflity of an appeal to:
those who may havean interest in giv
ing them a falfe explaration, B
14. The Christian Clergy—as they
- avow the principle to ¢* know no man
among us,” may they praise no prin
ciples but those of true religion, piety,
and morality, which tend to peace
here, and happiness hereafter. _
15. Literature and Science—firm
pillars of a free Government. - &
- 16. When danger awaits us, may
we beat our ploughihares into {words,
and our pruning-hooks into {pears,
and maké our encmies know we are
- 17. The dmerican Fair—-may their
conduét be’ as meritorious as their
.charmanrerehiftlefs.. . - -
NS ROLONTEBRS.
.. ‘The Cralor of the Dagy—May We al
_ ways venerate the man. who pradtices
Avhile he teaches true Chriftianity,with
‘ter Mr. Catts had retired y— His pub
_dic condull, and private virtues, fe. |
- cure to him the esteem and confidence
.of his ¢onllitpents. -~ ¢
. May every Republican be an honest -
man, and evry honel Fedraitbe-
Be o i poe |
’3 M f Wﬁg i gﬁ; 5‘9& ‘- ;
RS ﬁf”'ﬁ. A
S U e drgun
* # Tt el s
a 8 Fi'mmglbe National Eg:’t.
! Prepated as we were, for every spe
cies of ab‘%, .misrepresentation & falf
hoad, frof the ‘defperate remnant of
the falten fajion, the appearance of’
- a Con mﬁnicg_‘ti’oﬁ%}?‘athe Palladium of
the l:tk inst. signed < Lxonienfi; ’—
% excited in us ma little farprife’ We
are therecharpged with the * grofleit
falfhood,”” with *¢ advising to pratices
the most shocking to every honest
man,” with ¢ {lander, and wicked and
daring threats,”—all, forfooth, com
prized, in a few remarks on the con
du& of Governnr Giiman of New-
Hawmpfbire. . :
.~ The proof of all this * nefarious”
I and abominable wickedness, is to be
- found in a publication in the &yis of
' June 27th. “We there asserted, it is
- true, that Governer GiLman *“ was e
- le@ed to the firft magiltracy of a ‘peo
~ ple; with whose political sentiments he
| -is at variance ;”’ that * he was ele@ed;
' not by a'majority of fuffrages, but by.
' a fortuitous concurrenceof circamftan
- ees;” that “ he has 16ft the confidence
. of his comftituents ;” and all these af
| fertions * Exonienfis ® politely fays, are
. ¢ positive falfkoods.””> We, on the oth
| er hand, (ill assert, that they ate po/itivé
| truthss F s
| - But the “ severest cut ofall” isyet to
{ come. We are not only it seems, “ne
| farious lyars,” biit « daring affaffins.’’
} —The “ Men of N. Hampthire,” ars
‘ ierioufly told, that their « Governor is
i threateded with affalfinaticn 4 And
. plenary evidence of this bloody inten:
! tion is to be found in the following
| paflage ; “It is poflible, hould the Go
| ernor continue his insulting aggreflions;
that his ¢ little brief authority,” which
will enevitable die a natural death in
one {hort year, may be curtailed even
. to thorter terin.—On this fubjel® e
would not be expliciz. W= would miere
ly hint to Mr. GiLmaw, thdt the peo
ple of New-Hamp/hire are Republican i
and that Repußricans wiLL NoT BE
INSULTED.”—~We cannot believe it
poflible, that the merelt dunce, that
the most doltish dtpe of Federalifin,
should miiftake the meaning of this
passage. But that none may have e
ven the pretence for misrepresenting it,
or shield the turpitude of their hearts
behind the stupidity of their heads, we
will now be—¢explicit.”’ - 'The Confii
tution of Neto-H&npjbiré, like the Con
stitution of every other State in the U
nion, provides that the Chief Magii
trate{hall be femoved from office oix im
peachment for, & convi@ion of, high
} crimes and mifdemeanofs. A convic
tion of this kind would certainly car
tail the Governor’s authority to a short
er term than one year. We have riot
’ faid,that grounds Z)r an impéachment,
_at present. a@ually sxit .W 2 have
i merely binted the pofibility of such an
- events
f So much for the veraeity and fair
nels of Exonienfis. His rant, his fcurri
l ligy, his ‘malignity, or his vulgar invic
tives, we shall not imitate, nor notice
so much.as to reply to them. We shall
not call this writer, Liaß or scoun-
DREL, though ae have fully proved him
20~ be such!
. We hear agreat deal abotit fonth
ern influence, and the fele@ion of the
. principal officers of goverament from
that feion of the Union. ' The faét is
otherways—for the department of At
‘ torney General, is filled by a citizen
. of Maflachufetts ; a man whose integ
l rity has never been impeached by the
| most outrageous declaimer of the fed
~eral faction. The Officers of the Na
vy arcin a large proportion from
the Nothetn States, and from the fed
eral party. - All this shows that the
* Adminiltration are not aiming at a
t preponderance of influence—Befides,
the owners of the funds are principal-
Ay within the Northern States, and yet
the Southern members of Congress
~ have in every infance, promoted the
- ¢credit of the public stocks. But above
- all the secretary of the Senafte, is 3 ¢i
tizen of Bolton. This department of
the National Legislature, is the depos
it of the secrets of Government. If
then the fouthérn: members had any
thing of a private nature, which eught
not to be declared, wouldthey give
their votes for Mr. Otis, the father of
a man the molt oufrageous in his..op
“pofition ?It shews they trust to his
honor and their own faithfulnefs.—
- Ether the secretary must be knowing
to improper cuonduét, and becomé an
wgent in the tranfadion, or his son
.must be unjultified in his designs o
excite a jealousy between the States.
Exirafl of a Icti'tr}/?om,ﬁﬂ@t)d& da-
T e, e
-4 On Saturday lalt, Judge Bowen,
‘who lately caused fach confufion a
‘mong us, was conduéted on board a
| veﬁ'ef ‘bound to Rhode-Ifland,. and
“with a fair wind left the sandy banks
‘of Georgia.. His venerable and much
refpedted father, who. arrived there
but a short: time since, got him release
ed from prison, by becoming bound
that he should never returh to the
frate wgain. He Rill swears ven
*“%M@E;f
‘board ina fraightjackes. | gy
3 From the !”nihde’fpﬁia AuroraA.
The following i: an extraft of a letter
Jfrom an Awerican gentleman at Lif
_ bon, to a gentlemanin this city—which
- awe tranforibed. from the original on
Walirday. wr 5 T A
Exrracr—Dated Lisson, :
ik & UMay 24, 1804,
“ Every thing looks gloomy in Eu
rope—old England seems going down'’
hilk as salt as poflitie, while France
fezms riling every day in point of ref
pe&tability—the firlt consul has been
electzd emperor of the Gauls, king of
Ltaly, and proteftor of the Helvetian
and Batavian republics. Pitt will be
again prime minilter of England, you
may depend there will very soon be:a
war between that country and Spain,
and it is probable also this country
may be implicated—Pitt fays to have
‘a general peace there mult firlt be a
peneral wak oo -
; - REMARKS.
- Prom thz source whence this letter
proceeds weiczm entertain no doubt
that such information as it contains
had been received at Lisbon, is to the
_fa&s related eoncerning the imperial,
_roya], and ot{fer titles affamed by Bo
naparte, afterwhat we have seen they
cannotfurprize us. Shonld the aflump
tion of the title of emperor prove real,
there can be no dotbt of an efec? aris
ing even from that, incident of more
moment,. thdn ovt simple Kabits of
thin-kingt‘an,gaﬁly concéive.— The su
perstition pf title has a very great num
ber of adyers even among ws. Our
presidents and governors are all excel
lencies—ard our legislators and judges
all bemourtble géntlemen=.and eur laws
yers all e/‘aire} !—Theough our consti
tution totally excludes and reprobates
any title but that of citizen.
In Eumpe the mass of the people
in the proportion of perhaps 96 in the
100, are fdeftitute of that intellectnal
improvement which can alone teach
the proper meaning, influense and force
-of names; The traditionary fuperfii
tioris of feudality, are kept alive by
the conflant recurrence of -analogons
objects—the pomp and shew of regali
ty and nobility—the diftindtions of
clafles and orders—the peculiar privi
leges of the select ;—the imagination is
always the medium of attracion & of
subjection, when the mind'is not en
’ lightened, and thie judgment urider the
| regulation of reason and truth ; in
[ Europe the mass of people of every na
i\t’ion are under the dominion of this
{ubjection ; and the people of France
though they have fuffered and per
formed prodigies under the impulse,
of liberty, are not yet exempted from
the influence of this fuper@lition—pe
ciliarly diftinguithéd by their vivacity,
“they are morc likely to be governed by
fancy than by wisdom—by the eyes
rather than by the ears, by shew rather
than by substance.
But while the national chara&er
may still have left fufficient room, for
the re-ad wiffion of nominal diftin&ion
and-the parade of the diadem and the
purple ; or while the enlightened of
the French may be disposed to, ac
quiesce rather than approbate. The
consequences on the relt of Europe,
are what merit particular attention.
The power of France as a nation is
too formidable; the ec/at which has
been attacheéd to her achievementsand
her triumphs over all Europe is too
diltin& and emphatic,—to fubje& any
of her interior inffitutions to future
difficulty or obje&tion. If Bonaparte
then has afflumed the title of emperor,
to France the difference between the
‘¢onfular and imperial adthority and.
go'vérnment will be only in the name—
the organization of the {yftem of gov
-ernment will undergo no change ; the
prefeéts under the. Roman common
wealth and under the Ceafars exercil
ed similar fun@ions ; Augultus united
in himfelf the charadter of tribune,
‘conful, and emperor—and the senate
appeared to exercise their accustomed
fun&ions. That which was perform
ed in Rome has only becn re-acted in -
-Franeel 0 0400 S
~« The result on -other nations may
not however be'the fume becanfe the
structure of modern nations and the
institutions by which modern nations
have beerformed;into Particular char
acters are different from those of anti-
I Lgk e gt B
9’ The emperor-i/m (ot empiricism)
of Benaparte will be more formidable -
‘than the jacobinifm of France to her
enemies, it is no longet the illuminati
—the modern philsfsphers, with which
flie threatens or- seduces France will
form a concordat with the nobles as
she has already formed with the
priefis of -Europe—and at the foot
ftool of the foyal and imperial, and
princely thrones, the emperor of the
Gauls will find allies, i
“of passions or prejudices, or d'l toge
hé il pariak of a sommon ine.
e, in the support of so powerful an
adherent and protedtor to the faperfli
ton ol tiles, Tis o longer the
‘new fortms: of: declamation, mofl be
invehted'to suit -this fiovel order of
thibgs—and to' single out from. the
mads of émpere ot gt i
of the imperial and royal bretherhood
into foveret:gn conremps x oy T {
Such are the refle&tions which fug- |
gelt themselves to us; on the firlt |
.bluth of this sinformation—when .it
shall be confirmed by official or dirett -
comrsunicatiens; we may tdke it up
in 2 more circam(antial way. &gc L
- What relatcs vo the flaie of England, we
apprehend is but 100 true. The writer of
the letter is not averie to tha: nation, and
may be presumed therefore, 10 speak more
*from the impuife of his apprehensions and
convitions, than from his wishes. The
proipeét ot a genersl war we long ago anti
cipaied, from the obviows fa&, that Eug.
land atier commencing the war, was forced 10
afl only on the defenfive ; and iﬂit_gc mast
from the neceflity of such a fituatidn, fiad
it her intere to make grear faciifices on the
coonacent, to produce a war, {o that she
might force her adveifary to' keep an g a/
pace io expenditures with herlelf; which has
not beeo the cife since the re-commence
ment of the war, s :
Fhe expenditures of Enagland bave been
doubled by the war—while those of France
have not been encyealed more than a 24th
of her peace eftabiilbment. ~The additional
- force embodied by France; has been maia
tained out of her e ritory—g2,ooo men in
the Daiavian republic ; 95,000 in lano
ver ; 74,000 in Souihern ?:aly 2 20,000 in
Alpide ltaly—all maintained at the expence
of the nations where they are flationed,
while the whole force of Eongland taken
from her domeflic induflry, is flationed,
paid and fed in her owa territory, from the
laborsof the remaining indaftry of the nation.
The interest paid by Great Britain spon
~ her national debe, .is about four times the a
mouut of the whole debt of France,
The land lax alone, of France leaves a
~ furplds over all the national expences ; the
public works, canals, harbors, roads, &c.
are carried on aut of ke impost—and a far
_ plus s left to the discharge of the debt.:
Thele ate ciccumfiances whick speak too
plainly the condition of the rival powers.—
What ihe issue of a continental waz may be
ime oanly can determine, where fortane so
ofica fraftrates she mofl profound designs of
Rateldien. : e
That a wir with Spain is ingviub:g
have belicved. A Spinith war is alwaye
popalar in Eogland, becaule the pafian for
pluader is national aud naturzgl 1o a people
who are educated to depredations on all the
-world. The scarcity of bullion will pro
voke shie thi:f¥ for waking Spanith dollars—
and 1t will give the minifler who makes the
wat, a popuilarity for fix months, that will
coable him to lay on as many millions. of
taxcs as he may thick neceflary for his nﬂ
i : \ N W . Bkl
LATEST——FOREIGN. B
. Change of Ministry in England: -
B LoxpoN, MAY 11-14.
The political views of Mr. Pitr have
- been at length granftzd, ané he is now re
piaced in thele fi ustions to which the greareft
ambdition of any fubje&, however superior
‘to a!l others im abihity, rank, and oppuleace,
can inspire. This event took place on
Thuriday tiorning, about eleven o’cloek,
wlicn Mr. Addington, having iefigned Ihe
seals of officeinto the King’s haunds at Buck
in,‘jhﬂ-{lt u‘,“e‘{_lhcy Nere dﬁﬁr-brd by his
Majesty to Mr. Pitt. We shall got treuble
cur rcaders with a lecapituiation of all the
rumoussand Conjc&ures which pr-eeded this
appointment, dut shall contepr ourselves
with {laung those ¢ircumflances onthe cor
refncls of which our readers may rely.
. Whep Mr. Addingron found it impeffi
ble to refilt, with any hopes of success, that
most extraordinary cembination of political
talents and parliameniary ivflucoca which
were formed against him, he acquainted his
Majesty with his determindtion to retire.
- Theintelligence was reccived with the deep
cft regree by his Sovereign---It was decided
that Mr. Pitt should be sent for, and (hat
Gentlemanyaccompatizd by the lord Chan.
cellor, was on Menday morning admitied to
a conferrence with his Majesty. Mr, Pin
took the opportunity of representing to Ihe
King, that the circumflances and situation
of publicaffairsimperioully reqaired a firong
comprehensive, 90d gnited Adminifiration :
and he is reported 10 have declaed, that
for this impoertant purpose, he was himfelf
ready and deficous 1o obliterate all recollec.-
tion of former differences ; and that he was
pesfuaded of the exificoee of a similar di ipos
fition on the pant of-all those othei Peslons’
of rank, inflacoce; and talents; whadhared
with him the confidedce of the ppbli¢, - His
Icprefentations on this fubjeét proved,, wa
fortunately, ineffe@lual, The pcvmimpn t 0
eommunicaie with Mr, Fox on the Tubjeét
was peremptotily and fi-ally refulcd.”
A wmeetrogof Mr. Fox’s filends ‘took
place a 1 Carleton Houflc soon after Mr, Pite’s -
return from the conferrence withithe King.
“Mr, Fox there Rated, that it was his. most
‘ardenit wish ¢6 fee a vigorous and cfficient
Adminift-ation formied ; and, in the mcft
disinterested manner, he begged ‘them to
confider rhe objeftion made o bimle!f as no
obflacle to their aid and theirtalents o the
poblic service. They unapimoudly relolvéd
thar they cuu!d‘&of'&éqm'meptgen of any
Atminiftratioa from which, in the ‘prefent ;
circumstances, Mr. Fox was thus excloded,
as they could be of .no afe in an Adminil
tration formed on such principles. .
. Iwnicdiatcly afier Mr. Pitr, had left the
King it'is (aid he waited on Lord Grenville,
who in the most decided pgnncrf;i;:,gwca |
his determination not to accept of any offi
cial flaton in ‘a Cabinet from which Mr.
Yox was proferibed. In the' 'evc_-n’u's.};? a.
nieetiog took place at Lord Grenville’s
house, st which.the Marquis of Buckisg
ham, Lords Futzwilliam, Carlifle, Sngggg |
Mr. T. Grenville, M, Windham &t &é.
were prefeat—Mr. Fox was allo there, and -
in the fame ””‘.ﬂ.'ﬂdd(ﬁﬂ'ﬁlﬁﬁed ﬂli.nb |
ner requefied that no conlidéraiiop of cir.
cumftacces .personal to himfelf should in.
dace others to withhold their 12lents. \f_wm _
the public service at a momeny of luch dis.
ficaly anﬂat’ngq‘; 1t was the unanimous
feclings of all present, that they conld not
render any service ‘to the country, on the
- VIR se i foh
ity and therefore. resolved to decline duy
Dare whatever io the new Adwioifiraton. |
Jetter to Mr. Pitt, who requelicd another .
iﬁt&ﬁﬁ g ‘the Kin, ﬁmﬂ?%“
Fox's introduflion isto the Cabinet, The
‘impreflion upon the Royal mind wos how
ever too deep to be erased, and Mr. Pius
withdrew from the.conference 63 Widnel.
day,. difappoinied ia that obj-&, 21 bough
having himfelf accepted ihe cffices of Chan
ccllor of the Exchequer and Fult Lord of
.the Trealary—Ou 1 hurlday morning, he
was, accordirg to Court eriguette, wnvelled
with the infigoia and powers of these high
situations. ; ‘
Since Mr, Addiogton’s Adminiltiation
could not last, it was the fervent wish of all
descriptions of men, that 3 vew Minilicy
should be formed on 2 grand and truly pa
triotic scale, comprising the most diftinguifh
-¢d charaélers in thecountry. Nothinglike
ao #rrangement of chat nature can be pow
~expefled by the public ; and the nation in
flead of having a Ministry calculated 10 re
conciie aIF political differeoces, 190 infule
confidence, and to hoid oant to Europe an
unparalled inflance of union, ability and ex
estiop in the vatious branches of the exccu
tive are £ow to bave dn Administration much
worse thaa that which was forced-to retire
and make way for Mr. Addingion and his
friends. "It is 10 be compoled of Mr Pite,
and Lord Mclville, of their wnderlings and
of several of Ihe late Cabiner, whom M;,
Pitt (o very recently and so very cordially
coalesced 'with Loid Greoville and Mr,
~ Wirdham inreprobating. 1o these fliange
“materials we can discover little to console
‘us ata crisis ke the present, Itis, how
ever, but jullice ro Mr. Pitt to slate an o
' pinion held in the bes iaformed circles,
“that he did every thing ig his power 10 form
an admini@ration which wgn!d have includ
ed Mr. Fox and all his principal friends, as
well -as - Lord Gienville and 2}l his ; 2od
that {o far from pledging biwnfelf ot 1o go
into ¢ffice without Mr. Fox he had no com
mupi¢ation whatever with him op that fab.
je&. Yet farely Mr. Putt could not have
been ignoraat that bis Majefly would have
- decidedly objcéted to the introde&ion of Mr.
Fox | Mr, Piit, piobably, koew, ard: possi
bly was not sorry to know beforchind,- that
- his application was not likzly to be fuccels.
ful, He cculd not bat be aware of the ab-
Murdity of prefentiog to his Sovereign a
| mhn, as one of bis_confidential advisers,
swhom he had d that Sovercignio fiike
{'Out of the Bivy Councellers, as an
}abeucr of Yeditious doftrines! Theapplica
tion, however, was made and rejefled. Mr.
Put bowed, and undertock ) form 20 Ad.
’ wintftration on a d:ff reoe b%@icaurier.
. The Persons wio rerire with Mr, Ad
' dington are Earl S¢ Vincent, Lord Hobarr,
“Mr. Yorke, Mr. Siccie, Mr. Bragge, M,
. Tierney, &c.
- Mr Fox, Lord Thuriow, and Mr. Sher
idae were in long conference for some hours
yeiterday at Carleton Houie. The Prince,
“who maintaiged a hoe of dignified neutrali
ty to the last moment of peolitcal forbear
ance; bag felt it incuimbent upon him 10
declare his attachment 1o the inteict of
M:. Fox ; but this he has not done intem
perately asa partizan, buv.with all the faa
vity of a polithed Statefmen.—s6. -
/ o Of the Tuvafion.
. May 16.---1 he toilow.u Important par
“agraph we copy from ihe Poritmouth paper
received yellerday. It shews a landable ins
crease as vigilance oo thepart of govern
ment :-.- 3
* The following order issued to the ships
dt Spithead this morriog, is of more seri
ous cxpe€lation than any that has beess madé
known since we were ficft threatened. To
have fhp buoys to the cables ; to'keep the
topgahiant-yards acicls ; c'cat for aétion ev
ery cvening at fanfet ; he signal for unmoor
ing to bé considered the figoal Tor a&lion ;
and to keep in momeniary readiuets for put
ting to sea; as tha® inllant it may be expeQls
cd to be engaged with th¢ enemy.” . .
Bonaparte declared Eurigor of Fadncs.
May 15.--- A Pasis paper. of the gd infi.
has been received, from ‘which it appears,
that the question of Bonaparte’s sflumprion
‘of the imperial dignity was difceffed in the
Tiibunate on the Ift and ed---and from 2
private tettér we learn, that op the follow
ing day-it was adopted. This buinels was
very well aéled o --Carnota man of some rep
‘utation, was pesmited to fland up and de
liver a {peech against the propofeca measure,
full of such argumentsas might be easily an~
fwered, and they were anlwered very brefly,
May 16.--The qucfiion of Buonaparte’s
‘sflumption of the Iwperial digoity, was dis
cussed in the Tyibunare, on the afl and od
of May. . Caroot was ihe only member who
oppoled or cffered to-oppele it, . He asked,
whether facrificing liberty was graoting the
'A;_Eifg;ccnjul a reward. for his services?
‘whetber it-was not destroying his owr work
to make Fraace his privaic patrrimony? He
said be vored again® making him Conlul for
hife, and He would be cosfiltent---but if the
‘order ot things proposed took place he would
‘be a faithfal fubje@. He meotioned the
United Siates, 10 fthow the prallicability of
a Free Government, LSRR e
~ Faurs {aid, the proposition was the on
ly oné which could prevent the retorn of
¢ t;%i‘réxjnq LLEN faif‘} qé)&:lnti Mﬁ:m
chy isthe moR degrading {y flem---but Mon
a;&f%i:yc&edf\gith :ﬁ reprefentanuve fy(-
tem, conciliated hbertyy. i
« The wotions ow the fubje& were agreed
. ﬁ:xm'mfdinni crowd of [pe&tators were:
. BYTHE LAST MAILS.
gt e r RXINGTON, JUNE IQ.
A LETTER from the Indiana
A\ Territory dated May 19 men-.
tions—< Capt. Lewis will leave St.
Lotis to-morrow ; and will T presume,
start from St. Charles very soon, en
his expedition. . He willy no doubt,
winter this falla lictle below the Man
danes, about Bao ‘:fﬁ‘ s fiom the’
mgg‘“ theM‘H'gn ” 5 ‘e S 8
mdered b the Indiaos, onche Vi
i EUL YU AR ey i LTGE L R
el aemece
GTRw' ek Sy "3‘ ﬁ‘
Coverror. at the anfiiine eleßian
St iy g el
N G) G Sl JETRRTRIE IR e