them, in European states; because the rights of
the people, says the paper, are nut secured, nor
i.‘mrdi'd. It then exults that in the United
States of America, the-c Societies do not exist,
because, there, the people rule themselves. We
Inipe we shall never have occasion to contradict
the Morning Chronicle in regard to this asser
tion, which we hope is true. But if such socie
ties do not, now. exist among us, we arc confi
dent in our belief, that they once had an exist
ence here, which produced a remarkable effect.
.\o one doubts, hut that the priucipal officers
of revolutionary, of consular, ami even of impe
rial Frame, were of the order of jacobins, alias
illuminati. alias carbonari. France made the
most daring demands upon ail nations in the
tune of the revolution. Her minister Genet, re
fused to submit to the constituted authorities in
our country. And b< cause Washington, at his
rude demands, refined his assent to a violation
of our national neutrality, he threatened an ap_
peal from Washington to the American people^
Washington was denounced as an nnti-republi
can ; and societies, called republican societies,
devoted to the cause of revolutionary France, &
in opposition to our then administration, were
established to most of the principal towns in the
Union ; and a blind devotion to the interests of
a band of cut-throats, was publicly taught aud
enforced with a zeal similar to that which exist- |
ed in France. Thousands of Americans wore ;
the French national cockade, ami vilihed Wash- 1
ingtou publicly in the most virulent terms.
It was believed by many, (or pretended at
least) that our government must and would en
ter into all the views of the French revolution
ists ; and all this under the specious name of re
publicanism. Was it genuine republicanism ?
Let its termination in France, under Napoleon,
1st Emperor of the Oanh, answer the question.
Were the rights and liberties of the people se
cured by the accomplishment of the views ol
these societies in Tranee ? Let the blood of
slaughtered millions, and the exile of an equal
nuinlier, have a voice to answer this question.
Has Christianity been advanced—or has the
moral and political state of mankind been made
better by the triumph of these societies? Let
the French official document which proclaimed
atheism by law—the demoralized state of the
French people under the revolution, and the acts
of the midnight soldiery all over France, dictate
All the enormities of the French revolution
were committed tin ier the false pretence of re
publicanism ; and it was intended by the French
party among us. in the time of the French revo
1 ition, in opposition to Washington, to effect a |
like revolution in religious and political princi- j
pie?. They were however obliged to abandon
the hope of success, during the li fe of IVtubing
ton.—“ His head a senate, and his arm a host,”
were sufficient to defeat an attempt of this sort. 1
But who remembers not the feeble, but malig
nant effort®, of his political foes, to lessen the
public confidence in the man, who has been so
often, and so justly, described as, “ first in war, i
first in peace, and first in the hearts of his coun
trymen ?” Who remembers not, that in a pub
lic newcpape<—an American newspaper, the
people were told, that he (Washington) had been .
the source of all the misfortunes of his country ;
and that the people ought to“ hail the day of bis
retiring from office, as a national jubilee ?” Who
remembers not, that another of these miscre
ants, the infamous Paine, attempted to vilify
him, in a similar manner ? But we have treat
ed upon a subject, which would admit volumes
of comment.
We do not moan to be understcxxl, that the re
publican societies, were all in the confidence of
these secret conspirators ; or that they fully
comprehended all the objects of their secret lead- j
ers. No—they wore only puppets in the hands
of the 44 master jugglers behind the scene.’*—
That there were such secret directors of a plot
against the best interests of our country, we con
fidently believe for several reasons.
1. Such effects could not have been produced
without an adequate cause. 2. These effects
were in unison with the views of the societies in
Europe. 3. Men of accurate observation, with
ample means to investigate the subject, were
confident of tho fact. The proclamation of Pres
ident Adams, to this effect, is to us satisfactory i
proof. The late Rev. Doer. Pavson, of Ringe,
N. H. wrote a book upon the subject, iu which ,
he stated his proofs at large ; and that learned
divine had no doubts upon the sublet.
We cannot, however, forliear to remark, that
in our opinion, these gentlemen s apprehensions
that Freemasonry lias the^e ends in view, is by
no means warranted. We profess ourselves to
be of that ancient order, and to have an ac
quaintance with all the degrees of rnasoury.
That many masons may have joiued the llluini
nees or Carbonari in Europe, we regret to say
we believe to be true. This may perhaps fully
justify the Russian government in suppressing
all secret societies whatever. We hope and be
lieve however, that there is no danger of that
sort to be apprehended in our country. Many
masonic terms have been adopted by these per
nicious societies; aud some others, perhaps, im
itated, with a view to an easy communication
with each other, and with a view to that sec rosy
which is all important to the conspirators. These
are calculated to produce prejudices against the
masonic institution, which wehave never known
to he warranted by truth.
Rut to return to our subject, have we ipt wit
nessed political consequences which caunot well
be ascribed to anv other source than these soci
eties ? Does any rational man believe that
Washington and his friends were “ the most ex
ecrable of all scoundrels,” and yet American
newspapers did not hesitate to give publicity to
this language, applied to them by the devotees of
the cause of the French revolution ?
Does any rational man believe that Washing
ton was not a republican—and that he was not
a friend to his country ? And yet he was pub
licly, in the same newspaper, denounced as a
monarchist—ves, Washington a monarchist and
a traitor ! We cannot forget that the system of
the Washington policy, was put down by dint of
lying, and a regular system of duplicity. And
do we not fi::J that that same lying spirit has
h<‘en prevailing ever since, and still prevails :
There are, at this day, many, very many, among
who go all lengths, under the maxim of tho
Carbonari, that the end will sanctify the means.
MEDICAL SCHOOL OF MAINE
Ibis school was established by the legislature of
die State at their first session, in June, 1810. The
’aw requires the appointment, as soon as may be prac
ticable, of Professor of Medicine, Anatomy, Surgery,
Chemistry. Materia Medica, Botany, and Mineroio'V.
The lectures are. at present, fciven bv Nathan
Smith. M D. Professor of Surgerv and the Theory
and Practice of Physic ; John 1*. Wells, M. D. Pro
fessor of Anatomy and Phydoloyr; and Parker Cleare
Itnd, A. M. Proles«or of Chemistry and Materia Med
ica.—The Professor of Anatomy is now in Europe,
■*'1 will make extensive purchases for the henrfit of
School. His return i» expected in season lor the
I /
next Course of Lecture. Several bote* of prepara
tions ami books have already been received from
France; and the Library will be very much enlarged
this autumn.
The particular management of this Srhool is com
mitted to the Faculty of Medicine, who, in connection
tvrth a Board of Censors from the Medical Society of
Maine, examine candidates tor the Degree of Doctor
in Medicine, and recommend to the Corporation of ttie
College for that degree. In order to obtain it, two full
courses of Medical lectures must have been attended,
the last of which, at least, must have been at Bruns
wick ; three years must have been devoted to profess
ional studies ; and some knowledge of Latin, and of
Experimental Philosophy must have been acquired.
The price of a ticket, admitting to the Lectures of
one I'rdfessor, is fifteen dollars; or forty-five dollars
lor all the I.cctures.
The course begins about the middle of Febuary, and
continues three months.—The usual price of board is
one dollar and seventy-five cents a week.
srsufj R Y.—FOREIGN.
The new emperor of Mexico has quarrelled
with his congress nr rested 15 of its members,
anil refused to release them. He has informed
that body he shall disregard their acts, till they
shall appear to be influenced by better princi
ples.——Accounts of piracies become so numer
ous, we cannot aliord room to five particulars.
The robbers appear openly at Havana, dis
pose of their booty, and boast of their gains.
The executive government of the island is weak
ened by the new constitution of Spain, and its
authority is set at defiance. Wo have notice of
repeated captures of pirates bv U. S. vessels.
-Some accounts discredit those lately pub
lished of Greek successes, and gave reason to
believe that their cruel enemies had gained
great advantages agamst them- We had pre
pared an abstract of these accounts for our sum
mary ; but the mail of Thursday evening again
turns the scale in favor of the Greeks, and dis
proves the accounts in question,which came from
Austria, an interested party in favor of the
Turks. We therefore give only the latest,
ami most credible reports. The success of the
Patriots in the b ittlc at Thermopylae was not so
"Teat as nas been slated ; yet the victory was
decisive. The Pacha rallied his forces attain,
had sonic successes, and was in full in irch for
Corinth. The Greeks gave him battle, and de
feated him with the loss of 3000 killed, besides
prisoners and wounded. An official Greek arti
cle g-ives this statement. Cno’ficial accounts add,
that the Turks subsequent to this defeat, were
constantly beaten, and that very few remain of
the 25,000 men that entered the Morea. The
Turkish fleet was at Patras , but had no troops
or provisions to land, and effected nothing. In
the. port of Ispara were 66 Greek vessels of war,
with 22 fire ships, preparing to attack the Turk
ish fleet.-Accounts from Spain 3tatc that the
insurrection is spreading- widely ; and that the
yellow fever has been introduced into Cadiz by
an American vessel.-Intelligence has been
received at Baltimore of the cj. -turf i Mara
caibo by Gen.Morales without opposition. Mir.
DOMESTIC.
The commencement of Jefferson college, at Canons
burgh, Penn, was held Sept. 2t»th. Five person: were
graduated, besides 5 wtio received r: ir decrees last
spring. Rev. VV. M’Millan has resigned tin presiden
cy, and is succeeded by Rev. Matthew Brown.— f> o
men weie lately convicted in, A.abama of counter, u
iug bank notes, and sentenced to be eiecubd.-Tha
legislature of Venn iu< commenced their session, Oct.
10th- O. A. A. Buck is peaker of the house.
Thursday, Dec. 5th, is appointed for thanksgiving in
Massachusetts, and the 2Jtb of November in Connecti
cut-A public meeting lias Imen held and adjourned
in Washington, to consult on the se jeel of contribu
ting in aid of the Greek cause-The sickness at N.
Orleans is truly distressing. Letters state that between
7 and 800 had died between the 1st and 27th of Sept.
On the 2<fth there were 69 eases reported. Of owe vessel
from New-York, only one of the crew, consisting of 16,
survived.-The commissioners composing the hoard
of claims under the Spanish treaty have again met at
Washington.-There has beeu again an increase of
the fever at New York. On Friday the 18th were re
ported 6 new cases, and one death ; on Saturday, 10
new cases, and 7 deaths ; on Sunday, 4 new cases,
and 5 deaths. The bill on Saturday was quite as large
as at any time since the lever commenced.-Messrs.
Lincoln «$rBliss,commissioners on the part of Massachu
setts un the division of property between the two states
have proceeded to Bangor. The death of Col. Lewis
will be a serious hindrance to their deliberations.
A letter from Georgetown, S. C. says, we have heard
of imire than 300 lives being lost in this neighborhood
and on JVorlh Island, by the gale.-The typhus fe
ver has prevailed in Detroit, this autumn, and carried
off many victims.
STATE OF MAINE.
By ALBION K. PARRIS,
GOVERNOR OE THE STATE OE MAINE :
A PROCLAMATION,
For a day of Public Thanksgiving anil Praise
AS the obligations of intelligent creatures to
that Being, who is the Supreme Disposer of all events,
and the Dispeusei o: ah blessing*, arc .n proportion
to the favors which they rt :ve from His Hand ; and
as He has been pleased to distinguish u- by His fa
vors m a manner which is almost without a parallel
in the history of His goodness to mankind; lie may
justly expect from us, both as individuals and as a
community, corresponding returns.
And while it is incumnent on is to cherish a grate*
ful recollection oi H:s past mercies and to retain them
in everlasting remembrance, the goodness with which
he has crowned the present year, demands from us
renewed public as well as private expressions of
thankfulness.
1 have therefore thought fit to appoint, and with the
advice of the Council, do hereby appoint THURSDAY,
the Fifth day of December next, to Ire observed by the
inhabitants of this State, agreeably to ancient usage,
as a day of PUHUC THsLYKSG IF I. \'G and
PRAISE; that we may, as a community, with unit
ed hearts, offer Him our grateful acknowledgements
for all His favors, and especially for those wlucb have
marked the present year.
And persons of every religious denomination are re
qn< ^ted to assemble for this purpose on that day, in
their respective places of public worship, and with
emotions of gratitude proportionate to His unmerited
goodness, to thank onr Almighty Benefactor, that while
'Oui^of our sister States have been visited by distres
sing sickness, or alarmed by internal conspiracy, we
have been favored with general health and tranquility;
That while in some parts of the world die pressure of
famine has been severely felt, the fears of our hus
bandmen have been banished by seasonable showers,
and their labors recompensed by a plentiful harvest ;
That the exertions of our merchants, manufacturers
and mariners have been generally crowned with suc
cess ; That oor colleges and schools have been pre
served in a flourishing state ; That the enjoyment of
our inestimable civil and religious privileges has been
continued to us ; And that so much has been done un
der the blessing of Heaven to meliorate the moral and
religious stare of our country, and of the world.
And while, with unfeigned gratitude, we render
thanks to otlr Almighty Benefactor for these various
mercies, let us, in the exercise of strong penitential
fc- ling, confess the innumerable sins winch render us
most unworthy of the favors we enjoy—deprecate the
effect* of His just displeasure—humbly implore forgive
ness. through the mediation of His Non, and fervently
beseech Him to gram, that the enjoyment of our for
feited blessings may «»ill be continued to us, and that
wr may be disp * en t« make suitable returns ;
That He will bless the President of these 1 nited
States, with all thcii other officer* and public luue
tionarie* guide the deliletations of or.r National and
State legislatures, and incline all our citizens to res
pect the rights both of God ami of men; That He will
cause learning ant! religion to flourish, and to exert a
combined and salutary influence upon the intellectual
and moral faculties of man in ail parts of ourconntiy,
and of the world; That He will superintend, direct
and bless the efforts of all who are engaged in proniot*
ing this most desirable object, and remier tlieir ever*
, tions increasingly successful, until the whole eartii
shall be filled with the knowledge, and with the glory
of our God.
And the inhabitants of tins State are requested to
I abstain from all lalmr and recreation inconsistent
; with the services ot said day.
Given at the Connell Chamber, in PortLmd, the
tenth day of October, in the year of our Lord,
one thousand, eight hnndr d and twenty-two ;
and in the forty seventh year of the Indepen
dence of the United States of Anuria.
ALBION K. i’AKKIS.
BIT TTIF. GOVKRNOR.
AMOS iVICHOLS, Dep'y. Sec'y. of State.
MR. SHIRLEY-Notwithstanding the eulogiums
bestowed cm Mr. Dunlap’s celebrated picture of Christ
rejected by the High Priests and Elders in the Jour
nals of Philadelphia and Boston, some of which I
have seen; I was astonished on seeing this noble
work of an on my first visit to Union Hall, the'ani
mation of the scene, the bustle of the crovul, and at
the same time that clearness with which all the ob
jects were presented to in}’ view, so far exceeded my
expectation, that for some time I could not collect
myself sufficiently to examine the individual charac
ters. When I had examined them, my ph asurc in
creased as I look with admiration on the immensely
varied expression of the meek and dignified Jesus, the
bigoted and furious High Priest, the manly and as
tonubed pro consul, the beautiful Magdalen the horri
ble B.rrrabas. and in short the hundreds of figures and
faces, all varied and contrasted so as to keep me in a
pleasant study for hours.
As a small return for the Infmmation and lasting
, delight afforded by the artist, l intreat the insertion of
this crude offering of iny gratitude.
MARRIED,
Tn this town, on Thursday evening last, by Rev. Mr.
Smith, Mr. Samuel Luring, to Miss Frances Moulton.
! In Thomaston, by Rev. J. II. Ingraham, Mr. John
| O’Brien, to Miss Mary-Ann George.—In Livermore,
Mr Z^ri Rerry, to Miss Abigail Turner_In Ruck
field, Mr. Foster Mavberry of Raymond, to Miss El
lis P. Butte 1.—In Hallowed, Wilmot Wood, F>q.
Attorney at Law. of Bangor, to Miss Emeline Page.
I In Hallowed, Air. Funnel W Diew. to Miss F.li**
Mavo.—Mr. Samuel llntchin s, to Mi«s Susan Bailey.
Tn Gardiner. Cam. Nathaniel Kimball, to Miss Julia
Stone.—In I.ubec, Mr. John G. W, Averv. to Miss
Mary Clarke.—In Kennebunk, Mr, Jona. Wormwood,
j to_ Miss Nancy Wormwood.—Mr, Charles Brown, to*
Miss Mary Stephens.—In Durham, NH. Mr Richard
j Tibbcti, of Wilmington, N. C. to Miss Martha \V.
t Mellen.
.SVneVnnosip- X :r-,. -v* —^
DIED.
j In this town, a child «»f Mr. Field, aged 16 months—
a child of Mr. Hodgkins—a child of Mr. Twombly—a
| child of Mr. Joshua Flinklevaged 11 months—the wid
ow El we 11, aged about 40—Mr, David Clough, aged 33
years.
In Falmouth, on Thursday last, Mr*. Mary Malcom,
ag 1 92.—In Monmouth, Mr. Daniel Butler, aged 37.
I In Providence. R. I. Mrs. Mary Carlin, wife of Mr.
WI»linm Gatlin, formerly of Bucksport, 30.—At Salis
' biirv N. H. Rev. Christopher Paige, 60.—In Baltimore,
v'thin ; days of each other, Mrs. Mary Bedford, 41.
Miss Alic» R. 15. and Miss Mary B. 13. (the two last
within an hour) the wife and only daughters of Capf.
: B“niamin B. They arrived in this country a few
mr ths since, expecting to meet him. But he was
still absent when thev died.
In Frveburgh, on the 18:h in«t. Miss Caro^ne F’Wa
beth Dina, eldest daughter of the Hon. Judau Dana
aged 2!.
In Kitterv. Cap». Thomas Brown, aged 60 In T.'a’t
P° t, Mrs. Lucy, widow of the late Thomas Bice. Jr.
of Worcester, Mass. a?«d 31 —In Machia »fr. A I
I red J. Hovev. aged 20.— In Vienna. Mrs. M hi table*
Cass, agpd 55.—In Portsmouth. N. II Mr. Richard
Jenkins, aged 93.—Mr. Richard Tucker, aged 81.—
t Miss B.tsey Lakemnn, a^ed 75 » 40 years a school inis
i tress.
i ii-iw—~,,iin, „ u
'
_ ^
__OF PORTLAND:.:::":
ARRIVALS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 23—Ar. sloops Jones Hale,
Stan wood, from Boston-Caroline, Porter, do
FRIDAY--brig Castor. Small, from Matanres, via
New-York-sloop Messenger. Porter, B ith.
SA I ( RDAY—schrs. Two Sons, Stevens, St. An
drews-Olive Branch, Clifford, Portsmouth Fame, Har
rington, Eastport.
CLEARANCES.
Brig Lark, Noyes, Martinico—Schr.Mount Vernon,
Howell, Mariagalante—Sloops Fancy Packet, Boss,
Be I hist Raoger, Smith. Boston—Express, Knight, do.
— Schrs. Betsey, Williams, New-York—Dorcas-Ann,
Blacksthue,Boston-—Fountain, Hill, Lubec—Baltimore,
Afoo.ly, foi Baltimore—Ship Elizabeth, McIntosh, for
Nevv-Uileans,
VFSSEt.S Sl'OKEN.
Ort. flth. Cape Nichola Mole S. 6 miles, schr Rap
id, 36 days from Kennebuuk, via Cape llaytien, lor
Port-au-Prince.
Oct. 2, lat. 21, 30 Ion. 68. 30, hermaphrodite brig
W llliam, ofPittston, 3 days from P. Rico, for Balt.
S< pt. 16# lat. 48, Ion. 18, ship Liverpool, ol this
port, from Virginia.
MEMORANDA.
At Havana. 29th ulr Wm. and Argo, Portland, 3.
—3d mat. Trio and Margaret. Castine, 4.—Tlie Reoec
ca, hence ar 6th inst,—-The Sarah Jane, Freeman, ol
this port, for Cadis, sailed 25th uit.
At St. Johns. P. Rico, about 3d inst. Madison, York,
N. ^ armouth, 8.
The Union, Green, of this port, for New York, soon,
was at St Jago, |*3t of Sept.
Schr Warren. Perkins, from Kennebunk, ar at A
rayo, P. Rico, 24th Sept, was discharging‘2d inst. unc.
when to sail.
At Bermuda, 13th inst.-schr Curlew, Hill, for Bath,
6 days.
At Point Petre, 24th ult. 6 Portland brigs. The
Wm of do. and a Saco brig had gone to Martinico.
The Galen, Davis, of this port, lor Holland, went
to sea from Hampton Roads lOth inst.
Ar. at Baltimore. 15th inst. schr William Dawson,
Milliken. of Frankfort, 17 days from Port an Prince.
Cl. at New York, 15th inst. brig Maine, of tiiis port,
for Wilmington.—Ar. 16th. Congress, Lnliee. Ch schr
Only Daughter, Hawthorn, of Cushing, for St. Mary’s.
—Ar. 20th. brig Calliope, VVhittier. fr Belfast—22d,
schr Bolina. Houston, of Belfast, 13 days fr St. Thom
as. Cl ling Mount Hope. Allen. Turks Island.—23d,
ar schr Joseph, Prince, St. John.
Ar. at Charleston, 10th inst. schr Harmony, Low
ell. Bath.
Ar. at Richmond, 13th inst. schr Favorite, Coombs,
fr Bath.
The Moro, Webb, of this port, for London, has cl
' at Peler&hr g—and anchored in Hampton Roads 16th
t inst.
Ar at Baltimore, 21st i st. schr Pactolus, Airey, fr
Bucksport.
Schr Milo, Farnsworth, from Eastport, was at Alex
andria 15th inst.
Ar. at Newport, 17th inst. schr Huldah 4* Judah.
Thomas,'Quoddy. for Hudson.—21st, brig Diiigo, Ma
cbias. for New Haven ; schrs Hazard. ’Quoddv. for N.
■ York ; Fair Play, Lubec. do. ; Caihaiine, Bradley, do.
for Philadelphia ; Imve, Ellis, do. Hartford.
Ar. at Wilmingum. previous to 12th inst. William,
Loring, of Cmnbeiland, and Planter, Drinkwater, of
North Yarmouth, fr Philadelphia,
i Schr General Jackson, Cock, of Friendship, for Pt.
Petre, soon, was at Ocrarock about 12th i»«t.
I The Jasper, Patten, of Bath, for New Orleans, went
to sea from Boston 23d in«t.
Ar. at Boston, 20th inst. s< hr Globe. Bunker, of Sa
co, fr Richmond.—21st,brig Hyperion, Weeks, ofHal
lowell, 39 days from St. Ube*. —22d, schr Ann, Webh
»
of ThotnaMor, 14 days f» Turk* Island ; brig Atlas.
Hait, of Kennebunk, 37 daf« fr Biddufnrd, (Eng.)—
2ld. schi St. Cvoix., Brooks, tr East port ; brig Almira.
Robinson, of Warren fr Tbomattnu.—iltb, Kbr let,
Wardwrll, fr Castine.—’iSdli, sebrs Archer. I Is ley.
bonce; Southern Trader, Kilby, of Castine, fr Labra
dor; Champion, Anderson, of BluehtO, fr Morris Riv
er. Del.; Packet, Hannon, of Eden. fr Alexandria.—
2i>th, sebrs \ iriant. flatten, Bath; Albeit, Sbackford,
Eastpwt: Lady Washington, Last port; llamor. Cur
tis, Harpsvvelt: sloop Rarucr, Smith, hence. A brig
i from the Eastward, with a deck load of nay, was beat
ing up on Saturday.
The business of Ship-building has been carried on in
many of our seaports, during the last year, to a greater
extent than for many former ones. In Portsmouth,
within a few weeks, no less than four ships, each be
tween 3 and 4U0 tons, have glided into their destined
.element.
h
COjVCER t.
.Mr. St, .Mrs. OstineUt,
RESPECTFULLY inform their friends and the
public that their CONCERT will lake place
i This Evening, Oct. *2S\
i at the ACADEMY BUILDING m Back-street,
tocommcuce at 7 o’clock precisely
PART FIRST.
GLEE “ Here in cool grot, ’ Mornington.
j SONG— Believe me if all those endearing
, young charms, Mrs. Ostinelli, 3 Moore.
I SONATA—Piano, Mrs. Ostiae'di, accompan*
j i d on the violin, by Mr. Ostinelli, StiUU.
SONG—My native land good night, Mrs. Os
tmelli. Fonder.
SOI.O—Ou the violin. Mr. Ostinelli, Qttinril'.
SO? G-Love and time, Mrs. Ostinelli, Ketfey.
VARIATIONS—Piano, Mrs. Ostinelli, EclturJ.
PART SECOND.
DUET—Piano Forte, Mrs. Ostinelli 4- Ml.
t ^No.cini, Dussuck.
j SONG—Meeting of the waters, Mrs. Ostinelli, Moore.
I VARIATIONS—Piano, Mrs. Ostinelli, Jo.
SONG —Oh Nanny wilt thou gang with me ? Mrs. Os
i tineUi, ' Moor*.
SOLO on tiie Violin, (by desire) Mr. Ostinelli,
Ostinelli.
SONG-Oh say not woman’s heart is bought. Mrs.
Ostinelli. IVhitaktr.
\ ARIATIONS—Piano, Mrs. Ostinelli. Gilfort.
GLEE—b'!*epherds, tell me. Mazzin^hi.
i 0^7*Tickets, oil cents each, to be had at Mr. Hyde’s,
S. Johnson’s and I. Adams’ Bookstores, and at Mr.
Patten’s Hotel.
1 FRESH TEAS, &c.
2 a 0 ££££%£] TEAS
; Skin, Young Hyson A: Hyson j 7
25 casks and barrels Wiuter pressed and Sum
mer strained Sperm OIL, warranted new and su
perior quality ; 5 quarter casks Old L.P. Maderia
WINK ; 7 pipes best Old Sicily Madeira do. ; 5
quarter casks Lisbon and 10 qr. casks Malaga do.
4 pipes Cognac BRANDY,
2 pipes Holland GIN,
5 hhds. St. Croix and Jamaica RUM,
5 bbls. Old Alleghany WHISKEY,
10 barrels American GIN,
10 hhds. N. E. RUM,
5 hhds. & 25 bbls. St. Croix )
A: Muscovado and 6 boxes s Sugars.
Loaf and Lump )
2'> bags COFFEE,
25 casks and 40 boxes RAISINS,
10 jirs fresh Malaga GRAPES,
50 jars fresh OLIVES,
WObtls. ANCHOVIES, OLIVES L CAPERS,
100 bottles Pepper SAUCE,
10 casks New i .rk CHEESE, first quality,
5 .000 avana and \ i'11 1 no
120.000 Alexandria \ 1 vl"^ A
20 bags fin** blowD SALT,
so boxes candles,
; Drums, trails and boxes FIGS,
Casks Zinte CURRAN i’S,
1 juj« Sultana R \1SINS,
I xes PRUNES ; blsi bgs English WALNUTS,
F ILBF.RTb i ALMOXHii and Peacau NUTS.
FOR SALK BY
JOHN COX....Middle-Street,
WHOLESALE 4- RETAIL.
! Oct. 29. (tf.)
CHARLES BLANCHARD,
No. 3, Merchants' How, Portland
I I AS lecently received 150 Crates, hhds. and
boxes of Crockery, Glass & China Wares
consisting of Plates, Bowls, Jugs, Mugs, Basons,
Teas, I’ea Pots, Sugars, Creams, See. ic. Sec.—
Blue Printed Dining Setts—Glass, such as De
canters, Cut, Plain, and moulded, Tumblers,
Wines, Saltr, Mustards, Dishes, stand and sock
et Lamps, a few pair cut with shades.—China
Tea Sett, burnished, enamei’d, landscape, &c. a
small assortment of Hard Ware.—Among the a
bove are some well assorted Crates for the coun
try trade.—W are repacked a« usual.
Oct. 29. (eopis.) (eopnstf.)
GREEN COFFEE.
.HTYflVIi Ihj. Jamaica GREEN COFFEE,
'$r ^ 's& w of superior quality entitled to de
benture, just landing from brig Lisin® Sun, for
! sale by
SILVANCJS BLANCHARD.
Oct. 29.
A EIV (J00DS <£' C/uup for Cash.
nnHF subscriber has just received a handsome
1 -*• assortment of
ENGLISH GOODS,
which he will sell very lore for Cash.
—4LSO—
i W. f. GOODS & GROCERIES,
as low as can be purchased in Portland.
THOMAS CFJ \SE.
i North Yarmouth, Oct. 28, 1822. 6w.
SAMUEL GOOCH,
HAS opened an OFFICE at Lisbon, in the
building lately occupied by Levi .Stowell,
F.sq. Such business in the line of his profession
a* may be intrusted to his care, shall receive
proper attention.
Lisbon, Oct. 21, 1822.
a Court of Probate held at New Gloucester,
within and /or the County of Cumberland, on
the fourth Tuesday o/ October, tw the year of
our Lord eighteen hundred and twenty tuo,
PHILIP CHANDLER Executor of rhe last will end testa
ment of MARY HATCH, I *re of New Gloucester, wid
ow,deceased, having presented his first account of adqun
isiration ol th« est-.tr of said deceased also his private ac
count Jya.n-r the dr, rased ;
ORDERED, That the said Executor yive notice to all
persons interested, bv causing a copy of thisord»rto be
published th*er week« successively in rhe Portland Gaeyfr-,
printed >t Portland, that they mav appear at a P> niMCr
Court to be brM at Portland,in sai I county, on rhe third
Tue»d..y of November next, at ten of the clock in
rhe forenoon, and shew cause, if any they have, why the
s .mc shou d not he alltwed.
BARRF.TT roTTFR. Judge.
Atr»eMpy-Att?sr,*HORAllO SOUTHGATE, Reg.
FURNITURE, AT AUCTION,
O.V THURSDAY, 31 si. tW 10 o'clock,
A.M. at the house of BE\ JAM IN WILLI 3,
Free Street,
THE FUR.NI rUilE in said house, eon* is ting of
Beds—Bed stead*—Carpel*—Cuau>—M »hog
any. Dining, Pembroke, Card and Dressing
TABU iS—Bureau'*—Secretary— S Me boa id
—LOOKING GLASSES—Sofa—bras* Fire
setts-Fenders—-Time Piece-Cro* k^ry.
Glass, China and Plated WARF— 1 Easy
Chair—2 Wastelands—Astrai, Entry pother
LAMPS.
Together with a great variety of Kitchen Fur
niture.
TIMOTHY FLETCHER, Aarj'r.
Oct. 29.
ATT WOOD & QUINCV,
Auctioneers and Commission M rch.tnfs pjrtlavd
Will ad vance CASH liberally on all
kinds of MERCHANDIZE.
CpHEY have now in Store the following Arti
clos which they otfer on good terms.
Tierces of Winter strained SPERM OIL, war
ranted first quality,
Ca*ks and qr. casks CANARY and Sicily Ma
deira WINE.
CRATES
Crockery Ware, consisting of Plafrg, Cups and
^Saucers Bowls, Jugs, Mugs, Chambers, fit for re
ail trade.
NEW~BEEF,
Mew No. 1, and No. 2, in barrela and half
barrels.
St. Domingo COFFEE,
Summer Strained iperm OIL.
TO BE SOLD,
THE schooner ENTERPRISE 100
ions burthen 3 jesrs old, well found.
-ALSU—
THE *loop DEBORAH
A NN, 47 ions burthen now
lyinjr in Ciun B at Dock,
(P'eble’a Wharf) nearly
new, remarkably strong, in
+ complete nr'er for See. will
a ^ail without ballast, very
I _.. i . .i.M
J v>aivuiu|i imv
t very suitable lo trade off or on ihe coa^t, or
inland bu«ire« and a PACKET. Slip is well
found and every thing about her good. For a
more particular description, Inventory and Term*
which will be easy to the i»urch»«4, Apply to
ATTWOOD & QUINCY.
Portland Oct. 21. 1822.
i- -- ■ ■ ■ - ---
Merchant's and Ship-Masters' Assistant.
W ILLIAyT HYDE,
I f AS just received Blunt’9 new Merchant’s and
Ship-Master’s Assistant, a book which ought
to be in every -Merchant’s Compting room and
every ships cabin.
ALSO—A new supply of CHARTS, NAU TI
CAL ALMANACS, N A V1GATORS and COAST
PILOTS, by wholesale or retail on as good terms
as they can be bought in Boston or New-Yoilc.
Oct. 29.
SETH CLARK
At /Vb. 5, Exchanzt-Strert,
KEEPS constantly on hand of the latest fash
ions, a general assortment of
COATS, * RUSSIAN* BELTS,
SURTOUTS, * HANDK’FS.
FROCK-COATS, * DRAWERS and
CLOAKS, * WAISTCOATS,flao
Duflil Great COATS * nel,
PANTALOONS, * Fur GLOVES,
VESTS, 2k Leather do.
SHIRTS, I SUSPENDERS,
CRAVATS, * HOSE, long 4* short.
—ALSO—
A general assortment of black, blue, mixed &
drab
BROADCLOTHS £ CASSIMERES ;
Valencia,Toilinet, Silk Florentine
and Marsailles VESTING,
of the most fashionable patterns ;
Real Scotch and Tartan PLAIDS;
Ilair C A MB LETS,
English Ho.
White and Green FL ANNF.LS ;
Silk and Cotton VELVETS;
Military BUTTONS:
Irish .Sr Brown LINENS ;
Steam Loom SHIRTINGS.
above GOODS being of the first qual
ity, are offered low.
*m*All orders promptly and faithfully executed.
Oct. 22. ~_
33*Wigs, Scalps, Braids, &C.J3}
THE subscriber re
spectfully informs his
friends & the public that
he sti'l continues to carry
on the
Hair Work
in all its various branch'
e», at his shop opposite
L Hay Market How.
I Gentlemens’ WIGS
Wand SCALPS, Ladies’
f CURLS and fancy Head
DRESSES, furnished at
the shortest notice of the
best workmanship ana on me most reasonable
terms. IRA GRAY.
N. B. Cash given for human HAIR.
Portland. Oct. 99. * tf.
To the Legislature o f the State of Maine, next
to convene at Portland on the Jirst fVerities
day of January 1822.
HUMBLY represent your petitioners that a
Bridge across the Androscoggin Riser, near
the loot of Lewiston Falls, would be of great
public convenience, and utility. Wherefore they
pray that they, with others, whe may associate
with them, unay be incorporated for the purpose
of erecting a Bridge in that pUce with such
powers and privileges and with such tolh as you
may in your wisdom judge proper, and as in du
ty bound wid ever pray.
JAMES LOWELL.
LANG C. WRIGHT,
PELATIAH SMITH,
JAREZ MERRILL,
DANIEL BRIGGS, Jr.
Oct. 29.