NEW YORK HERALD.
Hew York, Wednesday, January 'J8, 1HM.
Kuropcan Intervention In American *ITalri.
The message of Mr. Polk has produced a greater
sensition in Europe among all classes, (rum the
prince to the peasant, than any similar document
within tiie last thirty years. Its various topics, the
Urifl, the Oregon question, annexation, have, all
united, produced an impression which must, of
course, only he temporary and evanescent. Another
year, or another month, will bring up other topics,
other measures, which will continue to have similar
elfect6U|H)n the Euro|>can monarch* and people.
But there is u subject above and beyond all these,
contained :u a portion ot the President's message,
which is calculated to have a more wide-spread ef
fect upon the ptinces and people of Europe than any
of those we have enumerated. We allude to the
decluraliou of Mr. Polk relating to the interference
of European powers in American affair? We have
the best reasons for believing, judging from what we
have seen ? u the English and French papern, that the
original position taken by Mr. Monroe, iu respect
to European interference, and reiterated by Presi
dent Polk in Ins message, will produce a greater,
d-eiHTjind more wide-spread sensation on all the mo
narchies and Crt inets of Europe, than any other to
pe in the message could do. Indications of this
feeling are already exhibited in the English and
French journals, winch cannot be mistaken. It is
even hint d.in various quarters, that the French go
vernmi nt will instruct its minister here to demand
an explanation from our government of the remarks
contsin- d in the message upon this subject, referring
In France and the movements of the French minis
ter 111 Texan.
It such be the case, no government ia this coun
try could refuse to give a prompt, effective and de
cided reply to any such demand; and that reply
must contain the same sentiments and the same
principles, with deeper, more energetic, and greater
force than even the messages of President Monroe,
or of Mr. Polk, have expressed it.
The interference of France and England, in the
matter of Texas, was audacious, and was properly
repelled at the time. A similar interference, under
any pretext, or in any shape, whether in that of the
" balance of power," or any other whatsoever, we
trust will be resisted by the American government
to the last extremity ; nor could any power, or any
combination of powers in Europe, venture upon an
intervention in the affairs of this country, as they
have done in Buenos Avres, and as they attempted
in the annexation affair, without exciting a feeling
in this vast continent which would produce a coali
tion and a combination of all the American repub
lics South and North, ending in a resistance of their
pretensions to the last extremity.
The Oregon question, and our commercial rela
tions) with England,will, in all probability, settle each
oihtr. By that setlfcrtnent, all special difficulties
with Europe will vanish in our foreign policy, and
our government will be enabled to direct its ener
gies to a practical application of the great principle
first put forth by Mr. Monroe, and thus inttict a
check upon all European interlerence in American
affairB.
Jn this view-we would not by any means discoun
tenance the idea of Congress taking up Mr. Allen s
resolution. We do not believe that any country
would have the right to except to such action, if
Congress should wish to join a similar declaration
oi general principles to those which were first pro
mulgated by Mr. Monroe, and now have been re
iterated by Mr. Polk. This country could sooner
soarc Europe, and all commercial connections with
Europe, than Europe could spare us. It is probable
that the Cabinets of the old world may be alarmed
and take offence at the declaration of the President
in his message. Bet them do so; but if the Presi
dent and Congress unite to maintain these views,
und to resist to the last eitremity the intervention
of European powers in our uffairs, they will be sup
jiorted by the people of this Republic of all parties,
and no doubt by the union of all the Republics in
every portion of this continent.
We have every reason to believe that this topic
will become a permanent subject of discussion as
connected with our foreign policy; and henceforth
the Oregon question, and even that of the Texas
boundary, will sink into the character of things o
practical detail and of practical despatch
The Nkw Yosk Sun and the Pilots.?For seve
ral days past our three hundred thousand dollar
eontamporary of the New York S*uw, Moses Y.
Beach, the proprietor of five banks, has had a num
ber of ill-natured and narrow-minded flings at the
New York pilots, which we readily believe do not
spring from his own impulses, or emanate from his
own brain. Indeed, we have the best reason lor
believing that these ill-natured and hard-hearted at
tackB on an industrious and hard working set of
men, such as the New York pilots are, proceed
from some old Jew, who, having in a long lite*
written himself out of every paper, and out at the
elbows, very gladly enters into the service of any
one that will give him sixpence a-day. Mr. Be?ff*
has been on former occasions, as he knows, bitterly
opposed by those persons who profess to give him
their opinion, and do his work at a cheap rate. In
his early days, when he was working with the
lack plane, as a carpenter, he knew very well the
struggles which men in such circumstances had to
encounter, in order to develope their mental re
sources, and rise in the world Reflecting on that
period of his life, and calling up the better feelings
of his nature, we would have thought that he would
not lend himself to a set of Wall street speculators,
and endeavor to run down such enterprising men
as the pilots of New York. It is ungenerous, un"
iust, and disreputable, and ought to be left to the
speculators in Wall street?and to them alone.
We might retaliate on our contemporary, if so
disposed, and touch him in some of the tenderest
points; for we have now in our possession a docu
ment, sent from Harnsburgh, signed by nearly
fifty respectable citizens of Lehigh county, aakiag
tor the Legislature to break the charter of one of
lus banks, and giving reasoni for the petition, in the
broadest and plainest manner. We have been re
quested, Irom various quarters, to give a full de
velopment of his doings, in reference to his banks in
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Ohio; but we will
do no such thing, ft Mr. Beach, with his live
banks can make his fifty or sixty thousand dollars
a year, and entitle himself to be called one of the
millionaire* in the " Book of Wealth," he has our
permission to do so, and to shave ihe public as
much as he pleases Those who make opposition
to him in the Legislature of Pennsylvania are prr
bably worse than he is, and only want to monopo
lise the shaving to themselves We have on many
occasions warned ihs public against the evils of
paper money ; but we now think the best way to
procure a reform and revolution in the currency
and in tha banking system of the United States, is
tj encourage banking to the greatest extent, and
let the evil correct itself.
While Mr. Bsaek has sur permiasion to go on and
maks his Ave hundred thousand dollara, unheeded
and unembarraassd, he ought not to allow thoee
broken down politicians, those miserable old Jews,
r impel him in endeavoring to deprive the hard
working pilots of New York of their bread, by toin
iug aay miserable sonfsdsracy agaiast their in
terests
Waa wmf the Pactions Kbstthed ? rom the
proceedings ot the Board of Supervisors, it will be
oljserved that the farce ot the preceding night in the
Board of Common Council, was re enacted in the
ihiurd of Supervisors last evening
Alderman Charlick, that most successful of tacti
cians, successfully tlared off the combined influences
01 those arrayed against him, and completely over
r?-.irhed their illy fortified diplomacy.
Alderman Charlick is not to be headed in this
way
Tint Wall Street Speculator* and the Pii-oth
?The Wall street speculators in cotton, flour and
saltpetre, are still in a terrible fury against the pilots.
Their $62,000 organ, the Courier and Enquirer,
groans through nearly a column und a half of
abuse, scurrility, falsehood, libel, impudence and
froth. They berate the pilots because we got the
news by the Liberty first?and charge upon these
hard working men, that nojournal but the Herald, or
perhaps the IVaehington t/nion,supports their course.
This ia of a piece with the rest of their falsehoods.
The sause of the pilots is not so bad as that. This
cause?the cause of industry, integrity and worth, !
against the villany of Wall street speculators, who
would like to keep important news from the public. ;
and who are opposed to the pilots because they bring '
it to the Herald, to be laid at once before the coun
try?this cause is begixningto wake up the attention
of the newspaper press. Here is the first specimen
of public opinion:?
[From the Philadelphia Chronicle, Jan. 34.]
The New York Herald?The Pilots and the Wall
Street Press.?The Nree York Hrrefdhai been cbaiged
by a portion of the press of that city, with obtaining the
new* brough' by the packet ihip Liberty from Kngland,
from certain pilot* of New,York, in a surreptitious man
ner; and, at the lume Ume, it is insinuated that the pro
piietorol the Herald, in combination with the pilots,
caused package* of foreign papeis intended for other
offices, to be withheld. Much skirmishing has taken
place in consequence, betweeutbe Herald and several
of its contemporaries in that city, and, as far as we can
understand the matter, the charges, both against the
pilots and Mr. Bennett h.ve not been substantiated. The |
Herald undoubtedly bad the important new* brought by
the Liberty in advance ot all its contemporaries, and
tbrougn the enterprise of the proprietor it wa despatch
ed in ail directions thiough the country, far ahead of the
other newspaper offices in New York. It does not
appear to us that the pilots are to blame for not serving
the other newspapers with the news as quickly as they
did the Hera d; for tho proprietor has done more for the
pilots collectively, through the columns of his paper,
than all the rest of the press in that city put together.
[From the Philadelphia Sun, Jan. 34.]
The New York Pilots and the New York Press.?
It appears that some ot the New York journals are giving
vent to a bitterness of feeling, which we can understand
from examples near at home, because the Herald suc
ceeded in obtaining the foreign Dews by the "Liberty"'
before the said journals could get hold of it. Their re
sentment is altogether unjust and rather ridiculous ?
Bennett has outgeneralled them, as we outgeneralled
our Philadelphia competitors?they are beaten, and of
course feel "cheap''?but if they are wise, they will try
to koep up an appearance of good humor, and resolve to
do better next time. Or why can't they be as cunning
as tome of our neighbors were, and say that the news
was not worth the trouole of getting it f The pilots, be
ing friendly to Bonriett, took much pains to supply him
with the news in advance of the " Wail street Press,"
which they accuse of trying to take the bread out of
their mouths. It does not appear that they prevent the
Wall street papers from getting the news as soon as
those paper* could have had it by other conveyances.?
But having taken the trouble to obtain it tooner than it
could have been received by the regular course?the
pilots did not feel themselves bound to favor thoae
editor* whom they regarded a* their enemiei. Thil was
natural enough, if not altogether Christian-like?but let
the Wall street press set the pilots an exsunple ot
Christian feeling and Christian practice, and perhaps
they may have no reason to regret the trouble it may
cost them to furnish the pattern. The public and the
press generally are indebted t.< Bennett for his enter
prise, und we can assure the beaten journals that it will
be impossible to awaken any sympathy in their own be
half, except among those who have been beaten like
wise. A fellow feeling i
_ may make the latter wondrous ,
kind; and this is all we have to say on the subject.
[From the Philadelphia Kagle, Jan. 34 J
New York Pilots.?A wur, and in our opinion, an un
just one, has been waged by the Wall street prints |
gainst this useful class of people. The New York |
Pilots own thirteen swift sailing schooners. They i
number 85 men, auJ 65 more brave boys. They cruise [
trom 10 to 360 mile* from Sandy Hook; and on various
occasions, alter they have boarded a vessel bringing
late and important news from Kngland, after supplying
the ship with a pilot,they put one of their men ashore on j
Long Island, and immediately send an overland express
to the Herald office, which paper is their ardent hdvo
cate. i
These extracts are only th? first response of the
independent newspaper press in the cause ot the
New York Pilots. As soon as this cause is pro
perly understood, we have no doubt nearly the
whole press of the country will come out manfully
and call upon Congress to right these honest men,
who have been persecuted for eight yearB by the
Wall street speculators, speaking throufh the Wall
street press. These speculators are extremely hos
tile to the Pilots, because they bring up the news,
give it to the Herald, enable us to issue it in
city and send it all over the country, and thus pr/
vent tiiese rascals from keeping it back, and spec?
lating in cotton, flour, stocks, ire., on the rest of
the community, who may be ignorant of the Pt??18e
slate of the foreign markets. To this hostimf is
added that of the Courier itself, for the mo|f?ggan, |
malign""', and mercenary motives. 1 hat concern
made the following proposition to the pilots :?
I will Rive $1# per day f>r each and every day'? later
intelligence from England furnished by the old pilots or
bo vs exclusively for the Courier and Enqwrtr, with
the understanding, however, that they may lurntsh the
new. to th. Herald, and no^the^er. w
Januaav Mb, 1840. W. C. LOWBER.
To this mean proposition the pilots turned a deaf
ear?tossed it from them with contempt. If the
pilots had cared for the support of the Courier, it
would have been easier to have got it than did the
late United States Bank ; but they cared nothing
for the good opinion of that demoralizing journal,
j which has been in turn, teriatim, as lawyers say,
bought, used, and cast off, by all parties and a
dozen different cliqutt?for a greater prostitute
! than the Courier, among the contemporary journals
of the age, does not and cannot exist in any coun
try. It has been and is, among daily newspaper8
what Lais was in ancient Greece?what Cleopatra
was in the Roman empire?what Harriet Wilson
was in London-what Madame Pampadon was in
pdrig or any of the most unhappy street-walkers
is in New YoTk, ? disreputable, demoralized, de
bauched, and drunken with the blood of the saints.
Tremendous Bane Robbkry.?We learn in Wall
street, that information has just been received, that
a teller of the Bank of British North America, in
Montreal, has absconded with ?4000 or L5000
in bank bills and gold, and it is supposed that he
took passage in the packet ship Queen of the West,
which sailed on Monday for Liverpool.
According to the particulars obtained from the
agents ot the bank, it appears the rascal's name is
Joseph Fiddler Ready, and that he left Montreal on
the 21st instant.
The fugitive is an Englishman, of genteel ap"
pearance, and about twenty-seven years ot age?is
1 five feet ten or eleven inches in height; slender
figure, broad ghest, and shoulders in proportion to
i the rest of his person, dark brown hair?supposed to
1 have blue eye^ong face?very gentlemanly, and
manners composed and collected.
If he has not gone in the Queen of the West, he
may soon b^wested in this vicinity. Four hun
dred dollmreward are offered for him.
News from Central America.?We have re
ceived advices trom Guatemala by the way of
Caraccas, to a late date We have also received la.
ter accounts from the interior of Central America
by the way of Halize, Hon.
We learn that a treaty of peace and amity be
1 tween the States of Honduras and Guatemala, has
i been at length, after some difficulties, finally and
happily concluded and ratified.
| Ft is hoped, that tins event will put an end to the
I l.ing and d isastrons war which has desolated those
I countries, and disturbed the order and peace of both
P*?P''(Fr?m th. Belize (Hon ) Observ.r Nov. 39 J
Our s(ivies from th. int.rior of Central America, rep
res.nt the state of things as truly lamentable, although
the pros pacts of peace are more tavorabl. than might
hav. been ?apMt?d from the present state of ailalra. It
appear, that tUbelhg.r.nt P?ti.ser. actualrb?4.f
^ Vh.tjsc.nt ov.rt?^a made
ar. lih.ly to toad to th.
in uiciy ip i?w w "?v"* ; , :.t . _
far the., hop., may be trained time alone wUl ?h?w?
at present, how? v.r. th. Federalist party nrn In th.
..c.ndent, and th.re is a strong probability that thev
will remain so, d.spit. th. machinations of certain ad
? u - ._J ? .I.W ?A fnnnant ffilAArd !!!??.
will louiWU SV| uas pi to I ?? wmm m~~
TPDtnr?rt who art enrfetroring to fomont ditooro tnow
From South America?We received by the
barque Hebe, Captain Greene, at Baltimore, from
Rio Janeiro, a very interesting commercial letter
trom our correspondent at that place, which we
give under the head of foreign inarketa. Although
her accounts are much later than previously received,
iliey are, in a political view, entirely deatitnte of
interest
The Catholic BisHor or New Yore ?Bishop
Hughes, of this city, was in Dublin on the 20th
ultimo.
The trial of Thomas Mayhood for the murder of
Wlllitm Hall, l? now in progress at the Court House In
Cincinnati
The Mireor Black Mail System.?'The petty |
black mail triumvirate of the Mirror concern are
in a terrible atew, because we hav? intimated that
they must submit to our unmasking. They fume,
and fret, and bluster, and deny the fact, at a great
rate. They had better keep cool. They must take
the evidence, and submit to the truth. They otTer
a reward of #50 to any person who will prove the
truth of our charge :?
Fifty Dollars Reward !?The proprietor of the ???
ninf Mirror wili pay Fifty Dollar* for any evidence
that ahall convince bim that any person connected with
this paper has in any instance been guilty of taking
" black mail."
We now submit the evidence, and claim the re
ward :?
Mirror Orni'E, Jan. 3, 1844.
Dear Tkmplkton:?
I regret that I did not aoo you before you left New
York, and tha more so, as your departure caused a dis
appointment to certain expectations which wet# natu
rally raised. I would not be supposed to take advantage
of a gathering cloud which is now visible here with re
gard to youraelf, as It was my intention to have brought
ibe subject to your notice before you left; nor would 1
be considered as doing mora at present than reminding
you of what I presume must bavs escaped > our attention.
Had you been unsuccessful here, 1 should have sincere
ly sympathized with you, and my services would gladly
have been given : but the unexampled success you met
with emboldened me to place a value upon them, of
which, I think, you must be sensible, and particularly as
others have been remembered ptcuniarily, who certain
ly did not so much as myself.
Let me write simply then?I am struggling along, sur
rouDded with difficulties-more than ordinary espenses
at home, and a wife still confined to her room by sick
ness 1 am poor and depend upon the efforts of my pen
(or support; It has been usual for professional men to
consider noticeable , as matters of business, and such I
was led to expect was our arrangement. Do you think
my services were worth any thing 7 If so, what were
they worth 7 I will not estimate them, but rather ap
peal to old feelings and leave it to your friendship. To
you $60 is little more than fifty cents to me, comparative
ly, and that amount would save me from a world of
trouble and annoyance just now. Will you do this, or
what will you do 7 Pray writo me on the receipt of
this.
Your affair with Clirehugh has eome to my know
ledge, and an effort is making here to excite some feel
ing; I hope for your take it may not precede you South,
with best regard to Mrs. T., believe me,
Truly vours,
CHAS. McLACHLAN.
Mirror Orrics, Tuesday, 13th Jan., 1840.
Dear Sir?
Having received one letter from you, protniiing an
other in another poit, I am induced to write again, aa ;
the second letter may have miicariiad. I have nothing
to add to my first letter. Could I explain circumstances,
I think the appeal of " anld acquaintance" would not be
in vain?even a loan until your return to New York
would save me from much annoyance, and spare my
feelings many pangs. Let*ma hear from you, at all
events. Don't hold me responsible for anything publish
ed with regard to yourself and Clirehugh. Regards to
Mrs. T. Believe rae, Ever your's,
CHAS. McLACHLAN.
Is not this rich 1 The triumvirate of the Mirror
is composed of McLachlan, Fuller, and a man by
the name of Clason, who furnishes the funds to j
keep the concern afloat. McLachlan attends to the j
black mail business of the concern, as may be seen j
by these precious epistles. He bints to the great 1
vocalist that #50 would be kindly received?that he
a?ks the money out of pure friendship?and besides,
modestly intimatn how he, Ttmpleton, might be at
tacked on the "affair with Clirehugh." This is the*
black mail system in its highest state of refinement. |
Like the apothecary in "Komeo and Juliet," "his
poverty but not his will consents." The Mirror con- ?
cern is poor and wants money. Very likely?a poor
er or more contemptible concern than the iriumvi- i
rate does not exist.
Ab to the personal allusions of these miserable
creatures to myself and to my family, I shall treat
thein with utter contempt Clason and his card are
beneath ournotice. Our conduct through life, and oar
reputation for many years in New York, our educa
tion and birth, and also those of my family, are equal
to the highest in this community; and we shall main
tain that position in resolute but perfect tranquillity,
against all the malice and jealousy that any set of
miserable creatures can attempt against us. Mean
time we claim the #50 reward.
Religious Tkial.?A very curious trial is now in
progress in one of our city churches, the defendant
being the officiating clergyman. The charges pre
ferred against him are said to be ot the most serious
character, involving the reputation of several fair
and frail sisters of his congregation. The court
sets with closed doors, and the result of their in
vestigation is somewhat doubtful. Onderdonking
is becoming very prevalent among the clergy, and
unless some extraordinary measures are shortly
adopted, the whole church will be scandalized.?
Angels, and all good men, are now weeping over
the irailty and folly of these erring brethren of the
surplice, who profane the sanctuary ot God by their
unholy thoughts and impure desires. Let them be
brought to punishment. l
Late from Hayti.?By the brig Republic, Capt.
Scott, which left Port au Prince on the 12th inst.,
we have received tiles of Haytien papers oi the 4th
inst. They contain no news worth translating.
The captain reports that an expedition was fitting
out, destined to make an attack on the Dominicans.
It was expected that the blow ffiould be struck in
the month of February, from which tlje Haytiens
expect great results in their favor.
The President has writfen a reply, addressed to
the French consul, in which hie conduct towards
Dubras is explained and justified. It will be remem
bered that Dubras, a French citizen, residing in
Huyti, was violently jstpelled by the Haytiens from
1 the country. The Dpesident says that he had, on a
I former occasion, Wen found guilty of malpractices
| against the State, and had received oiders to quit the
country. He did'*o,*but afterwards presumed to
j return again without leave. For this contempt he
; was again expetted iant ceremonie, but the President
denies that he was struck or ill-treated. It appears
i that he re-appeared in Hayti, on a permit from the
j Minister of War.
The President answers this, by saying that the
permission had been fraudulently obtained tor him
I by another Frenchman under another name. Mean
time the French consul, afier having demanded an
indemnity tor the rude treatment Dubras is said to
have met with, has indignantly left the country, and
I remains on board a French frigate in the harbor.
Movements of Travellers.
Tbe following were among the arrivals at the princi
pal Hotals yesterday. At the
Amibican?L. P. Morris, V. 8. N.; John Rankin, Naw
V'orK; H. Spencer, Utica; T. Beekman, Kinderhook.
Astob?H. Lincoln, Boston; K. W. Beecher, Port Au
Prince; J. O. Patterson, Amboy; Charles Ward#, Phila.;
E. Bogeston Boston; Turner Sergeant, E. Rhoades, Bos
ton; Geo. Ombs, Newport; P. Allen, Providence; W.
Haselton, Phila.; Adams and Ward, Boston; J. C. Newell,
Cambridge; Judge Merrill, Boston; Asa Farr, St. Louis;
H. A. Cameron, St. Andrew*; P. R. McCreery, St. Louis;
Messrs. Campbell, Martin, Withers, and Shepley, Bos
ton; S H. Howss, SteamerCharteroak; Horace Greeley,
City: H. Loncbs, Pelotine Bridge; James Hartley, O. O.
lioedy, W. E. Collin, Gloucester, England; S. Batea,
J. Monroe, Boston; J. H. Meredith, Bsdtimore; J. I). Al
din, Boeton.
; Citt?Mr. Church, Hyde Park; W. Fuller, do; A. O.
Bigelow, Boston; H. O. Rciley, W. Hadley, Albany;
George Usher. Boston, J. H. Cringly, Indian*; Col.
Travers, N. J.; Messrs. Ellison, B N. Wynkoop, John
I Brown, Osmon Reed, Phila.
Fbanrun?W. Hubbard, Phila.; F. Bronson, Georgia;
H. Dowa, Cleveland: W. Howe, Springfield; Capt. Day,
: Norwich; H. Sanford, N. H. Maynard, Buffalo; H. Hanall,
Connecticut: P. Morton, Babylon; L. Aldridge, Lowell,
Mass.
Giobk?Mr. Jarvis, Canada; H. II. Eldridge, Phila.;
Mr. Mulr, Albany.
Hoytasp?C P. Packer, N. II; AsaBprague, Rochester;
1 S.Wagoner, N.J.;Jno. Samuel, Phila.; Jamea Colder,
Pa.; J. Ogilvle, Newcaatle on Tyne; W. Henry, Bristol;
Mr. Campbell, Pa.; E. W. Fuller, Baltimore; Messrs.
1 Wright and Ishan, N. Y ; Lathrop and Smith, Albany;
Sherman, N. Y ; Henry Peaflehl, Buffalo; J. C. Gilmore,
Phila.; Capt.Branard. Albany.
Albany, Jan. 25, 1946.
Another Colli-Blooded Murder.
Albany has again been the acene of a brutal and
inhuman murder. The inhabitants of the lower dia
| trict were arouef d last night by the report of fire nrma
near the corner of Renaielaer and Franklin atreeti. On
proceeding to the spot, it was found that a man by the
name of John Bannon, who, with hii wife, were issuing
from a neighbor's on a visit, were shot, in the entrance
of tha door, by a Frenchman ealled Charles Grouche.
The particular', as far at I could learn, are as follow* :
It appear* that Grouche. with a number of othera, were
playing card* for a watch, in a cellar under the house
occupied by P. O. Gorman, a shoemaker: that while
thus .occupied, they were interrupted, and severely
maltreated, by a party of rowdies who happened in.
Grouch#'* head was badly cut in the udiay which en
sued After some time, peace was tailored, and
the belligerents left the cellar Grouche then pro
cured a shot gun, loaded with slugs, and swore
that he would shoot the fit si person he sew outside?
ha went out, snapped th# gun at two persons who were
proceeding up street, and agnin returned to the cellar,
where he was furnished with another cap by tha parties
present. He was preceded, the second time, by a son of
the owner of the cellar with a lantern, who, on seeing
Bannon aud bia wifa open the door neat the cellar, ex
claimed, " There they ere !" Grouche fired,.mortally
wounding the man, and lodged aeveral shot in the arm
and side of the woman. He expired this morning at a
quarter before ten. The weaea la in a very precarious
stst*. Tha parties have ell beau secured K fcfim
I TkMtrtMda.
Pasr Tukatrs.?Frarcmco Obsim tu Great Nr.
i cromarcrr? Orslnl, tba moat renowned magician of tha
age, whose performances have astonished, surprised and
de ighted the courts of St. Petersburg, Vienna and Ver
sailles ; and who comes among us with letters, bearing
testimony to his unrivalled skill in necromancy and ma
j gic, will make his dsbut this erening at the Park Thea
tre, which he has engaged for four nights, and which we
; doubt not will be throDged by the curious and iliti of
I the city. The entertainment which he offers is of the
, most refined, amusing and attractive character, differing
J very much irom the charlatanry of itinerant conjurers
In fact, Orsini may be considered an artists, as well as a
gentleman of taste, talent and ability. The prices of ad
mission have been reduced.to fifty cents to all parts of
tho house, and we anticipate crowded and fashionable
audiences.
Bowcav Theatre.?The Wizard of the Wave is stil'
the triumphant star of the Bowery. The house continues
to be as well filled as on the first evening this fine drama
! was played. We do not wonder at it. The attractions
| are superior to any that have been given at any theatre
1 in this country for a long while. The last scene where
the schooner comes sailing in and goes all over the stage,
1 is superior to any thing we ever saw in the line of stage
efl'ects. To-night the drama will be repeated, with t'.e
admirable comedy of" Sweethearts and Wives."
H?wa's Circus at Palmo's Ofera House.?Palmo's
will be opened this evening, under the management of
J. O Howe fc Co., as an equestrian arena, the perform
ances being conducted on the plan of Franconi's, at
Paris. New Fork has long wautrd an amusement oi
this kind, and we have everv reason to believe that it
will be well patronized by the fashionable circles. The
troupe comprises every description of talent, among
whom are several stais of tho first magnitude. Madame
Vlacarte, a beautilul rider and giuceful danseuss, h* s
been engaged lor a limited period, together with Mrs |
Cole, daughter of the celebrated Cook, of London. The
management have epared neither pains nor expense in |
providing ?the richest costumes and trapping*, and the I
decorations are said to be of the most gorgeous descrip
tion A magnificent stud oi horses have been collected,
and their agility and grace will delight while it surprises
the beholder. The Circus this evening will undoubted- ;
ly be graced by beauty and lovelinesa, and if properly
conducted, is destined to become a highly popular and
fasbiooable place of resort.
Madame Labare's Concert.?This lady, the most dis
tinguished harpist in this country, gave a concert last
evening at Niblo's Saloon, which was attended by a very
fashionable and muaicai audience. The concertante on
"Ontllaume Tell," and fantasia sur " Robert le Diable,
were loudly applauded and brilliantly executed. Miss
Northall sting " The Country Girl," and aria from Anna
Bolena, with her usual taste and skill. She has a very
fine stprano voice, and sings with much feeling. Tbe
artists who so kindly volunteered their services were all
well received. We hope Madame Lazare will give us
another concert shortly, and believe by ao doing ahe
would oblige many admirers and lovers of music who
were prevented by other engagements from attending
last evening, *
Mr. and Mrs. Charlea Keen left the Aator House yes
terday, on a professional tour to tha south.
William E. Burton.?This celebrated comedian, and
manager of the Chesnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia, is
not dead.as was stated yesterday, but we learn it fast re
covering from an attack of quinsey, under which he has
been laboring.
Cltjr Intelligence.
Long Island Railroad.?This road, which was ob
structed -in part for two days with immense drifts of
snow, was cleared on Monday, and the trains now pass
regularly orer. The Boaton train leaves as usual every
morning, at 7 o'clock, from the South Ferry. At some
of the worst placea on the road, the cuts were filled to
' the depth el fourteen feet. Five powerful loAmotives^
with ajsnow plough in front, approached these drifts at a
speeder?more than thirty miles per hour, and such was
the vast weight of the snow, and its consequent resist
ance, that thra force was spent in a distance of some 4 or
600 feet?when a renewed attack would be made/fn like
manner.
Tu* Weather.?Yesterday was another gloomy day,
both overhead and underfoot. That peculiar mixture,
which is generally found in the streets during such
weather, composed of mud and snow, was about a foot
deep in the streets, rendering croasing a very interesting
operation. It tried to snow in the early part of the day,
but did not succeed to any great extent. The omm
busses dragged along at a snail's pace, and splashing the
slush upon the pedestrians. It will take several days of
good w'eather to repair the damage done by the snow
storm.
Qrac* Church Pkws.? An auction was held at Grace
Church yesterday, for the sale of the pews belonging to
said church. There are two hundred and twelve pews,
and about two-thirds of them were sold. In many cases,
four hundred dollars was bid for the choice above the
assessed price. The bidding was quite lively and sprited.
| Cambrian Association.?This association gave a
grand toirec last night at the Minerva rooms, which was
well attended. The evening was spent in dancing,
waltzing, chatting, See., and all were agreeably enter
tained.
Next Police Magistrate.?As Justice Gilbert will
shortly have leave to retire from his present position of
' Police Magistrate, the term of his appointment being
about to expire, a host of applicants have already set
forth their peculiar qualifications to discharge the duties
of the ottice. Amongst the numerous candidates whose
names have been spoken of, we may mention those of
Capt. McGreth, of the Bix'h Police District, and Mr. Geo
W. Relyea. Both of these gentlemen have been long
connected with the Police Department of the city, ana
understand the ropes quite aa well as any that could be
named. The latter, by bis business tact, and the prompt
ness with which he has conducted the cases in which he
has been employed, has gained many friends, and
it is believed that his appointment to fill the vacancy
would give very general satisfaciion.
Fire.?A Are was discovered at the north corner of
West Broadway and Franklin street, kept by Mr. Dis
brow as a paint store. Damage trifling. Also, in Grand
street, in the rear of No. 201,occupied by a looking-glass
frame maker, about 8 o'clock last night Trifling da
mage. _____
Cass or Potter, the Pardoned Convict.?We under
stand that Potter was brought into the Police Office a d*y
or two ago, at the instigation of one of his counsel, for
the purpose of swearing to some affidavits and other
papers which are about to be used in his case. The
documents referred to are a petition and sundry
other papers,which are intended in the first place to pre
sented to the Chancellor of the State for the purpose of
getting a writ of Habeas Corpus, or Certiorari, or both
allowed by hirss; the effect of which will be to detain
Potter here until the case is fully disposed of ; and also
thereby to enable the tlcgal advisers of the prisoner to j
take the proceedings at once from before the Chancellor '
(if be should decide against them) into the Court of j
Errors, without the formula and delay of going through 1
the Supreme Court. It is expected that Jonn Van Bnren, !
the Attorney General, will argue ibe matter on behalf I
of the people, and Thomas Warner, Esq., left the city i
for Albany yesterday, for the purpose of attending to the '
case on the part of the prisoner, and get the Chancellor
to allow a writ of Habeas Corpus or Certiorari.
Stolen.?A quantity of silver spoons, knives, and other
articles, were yesterday stolen from No. 266 Hudson
street.
Another Missing Man.?A German music teacher by
the name of Tiae, is missing from 190 Fulton street.
The Effects or Rvm.?An aged woman named Ellen
Regan, who resided at 66 Croaa street, fell against the
atovo yesterday, while in a state of intoxication. Her
clothes took fire, and before any one came to her assis
tance her feet and lega were nearly burned to a cinder.
She was discovered by policeman Connolly, of the Sixth
District, who had her conveyed to the City Hwspital.
She is not expected to sutvive.
The Late District Attorney.?After Judge Ulshoefer
had taken his seat yesterday morning on the bench of the
Common Pleas, A. C. Benedict, Esq , stated that since he
came into court he heard of the death of his friend the
i late Matthew C. Paterson, Esq., District Attorney of the
county. He had known him long andJntimately, and be
! could bear testimony to his high moral worth ; his legal
attainments were of a high order, and as a scholar ana a
gentleman he had few superior. He, thertfore, moved
as a mark of respect to his memory, that the court do ad
journ.
Judge ULSHOErrER said he had the pleasure of know
ing the late Diatrict Attorney from his boyhood ; he
| agreed with the sentiments of Mr. Benedict, and was
: happy to bear testimony to the high character of Mr. Pater
. son as a lawyer, a scholar, and a gentleman. His Honor
I (hen directed the Clerk to make a minute of Mr. Bene
{ diet's motion, and adjourned the court. The other branch
i of the court was also adjourned, on motion of A. L. Jor
| dan, Esq. All the civil courts, with very general ac
cord, adjourned over until to morrow, in token of re
spect for the memory of the late District Attorney, Pater
son
Meeting or the Bar ?A meeting of the bar was after
wards convened. The members met at 11 o'clock in the
I court roem oi the Vice Chancellor. The Hon. Judge
Edmonds was nominated to the chair, and on motion of
Henry E Davies, Esq.,their Honor's Chief Justice Jones,
the Vice Chancellor, and Judge Vandorpoel, were ap
1 pointed Vice Presidents of the meeting.
Mr. A. C. Benedict moved that Jonas B. Phillips and
Henry E. Davies, Esqrs., be appointed sec re tenet
E. S Derrt, Esq , rose, and alter some feeling remarks
on the life and public services of the deceaaed, offered
the follnwingresolntions
Resolved, That in the decease of our late professional
brother, M. C. Paterson, Esq., we have lost one endeared
to us i y his bland and courteous manners, and one
whose legal attaiamenta had received our highest re
spec!; th-t as District Attorney of our county, be had
discharged the duties of that responsible office with
such assiduity sad ability,that the bereavement which
has fallen upon us will also be felt by the public at large.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing be transmitted
to the relatives of the deceaaed, and signed by the offi
cers of thia meeting.
Resolved, That the members ol the bar wear the
usual badge of mourning for 30 days, and attend the fu
neral of the deceased.
James R. Whitino, Esq., seconded the resolution, and
in doing so, delivered an eloquent eulogium on the pah
lie and private life of the deceased.
The Chairman, the Chief Justice, the Vice Chancellor,
and Judge Vanderpoel, and the two Secretaries, several
ly addressed the meeting, in doing which they spoke in
the highest terms of the private and professional charac
ter ef Mr. Petaraon.
Coroner's Orricr, Jan. 27.?Died Suddenly ?The
Coroner held an inquest on the body of Eleeuor Nelson,
at No. 799 Greenwich street, a native of New Jersey, 70
years of age, whe was found dead in bar bed yesterday
morning. Verdict? Died thruugb dropsy on the chest.
Sudden D?e/V ?Also. at 69 Sheriff street, on the body
of James Mahan, bom in Ireland, 32 years of ego, who
fell from his chair wuiie at the sapper table last night,
and expired. Vsidict accordingly
Adjournment ot the Missouri'Convention ?
The Missouri Convention finished its labors on the
evening of the ISth. The final vote was taken upon the
edoption of the new Constitution, whioh stood 49 for and
13 against. A meeting of the members was to take
place at 9 o'clock on the following morning, for the par
poee of affixing their signature* to the document
Brooklyn InttlllgtBM.
A Fxmale Frolic.?A married woman, who la mid to
bo respgetably connected in the city of Brooklyn, and
to be|yoang, fascinating, and accomplished?was guilty
of soma vagaries on Monday night last, which would
have diagraced even one of the abandons el the "Five
Feints." Putting on habiliments which she vainly im
agined would effectually disguise her person, she visited
tbelhouses ol F B. Stryker, Esq.. Mr. Coronor Oakes.
and other respectable citizens, under various pleas ; and
at each of these places "cut up shines" whioh seriously
disturbed the peace and quiet of the families she called
upon, with no other apparent object than to gratify a
penchant for mischief, which could not redound other
wise than to her mortification and discomfiture. We
aiakethi* brief statement of her proceedings "more in
sorrow than in anger," and in the nope that a public no
tice of her acts may effectually stay a repetition of such
indelicacy, folly, and indiscretion.
Folic? Mattes#.?The man who was arrested a day
or two'ago lor cresting a disturbance at the house of Mrs.
Bedell, was a brother of that lady, named Joseph Rolph,
who has bsen a seaman in the United States service, and
who. after drinking to excess, is said to be a troublesome
and dangerous character. For the present, he is safely
locked up.
Bridget Conolly was taken to the watch-house by
Capt. Stewart tor being drunk and disorderly in the pub
lic streets ; and John Farreli and Oeorge Stay lor were
furnisbed with lodgings at Dr. Penetran s well known
mansion, under the market, for alleged improper con
duct at a ball which they attended on Monday night.
They were arraigned before the police magistrates yes
terday morning, and made to pay a penalty for their in
judicious spree.
The negro who (as stated a short time since) was ar
rested on a bastardy warrant, married, on Monday last,
t to woman wbo mace the complaint agaioat him, in pre
ference to going to jail; and the ceremonies were per
formed et the Police Office by Mr Justice Church.
Officer Stewart has discovered, in the possession of the
men who were arrested lsst week for stealing a quantity
of pig iron, a lot of bar iron which is supposed to belong
to some person or persons in New York, and for which
he is desirous of finding an owner.
The house of Capt J. N. Oluey, was entered en
Monday by two fellows, who took the precaution to
place the door key on the outside. They then took some
articles of silver from the basement table, valued at fil'J,
and on going out were observed by the servant who ran
to the rescue of the valuables. They immediately shut
off the pursuit by turning the key, and before the girl
could get out at the rront doer, they were out of sight.
This transaction was in broad daylight, and was seen by
several of tbe neighbors
Some of the officers have found in the possession
of a thief a hair bracelet with a gold clasp, marked " M.
8."
An out-house, or stable, in Bosrum street, belonging to
Mr. James Kilburn, was broken open on Monday night,
and robbed of varioua articles of wearing apparel, tempo
rarily deposited there. A man named Scanlan has been
arrested on suspicion of being the perpetrator of the lar
ceny.
Lectures.?1There were three or four public lectures
delivered in Boooklyn last evening ; the best attended
and moat popular of which were those given by the Rev.
W. 8. Belch, at the Brooklyn Tabernacle, on " Capital
Puniahment;" end, at Hall's buildings, by Profaasor
Whitney, on " Elocution "
Masonic, and Odd Fellows, Lodoei.?A great gather
ing took place last night at the principal Masonic Lodge
ofBrooklyn, (Oeorge L. Thatcher, Andrew Demarest,
and E. O. Triquet, Esq., being the principal officers,) on
the occaaion of a number of noviciates being intro
duced for election as members of the order. All the
gentlemen who were proposed were duly installed ; and,
subsequently, fun, frolic, and festivity had full sway ?
thus proceeding " from grave to gay, from lively to se
vere." This evening, one of the Odd Fellows' Lodges
will have a grand " flare up;" and on Friday next there
will be an equally pleasing celebration, connected with
tho induction \p distinguished stations of divers old and
well tried members of this truly excellent and praise
worthy institution.
Board of Supervisors.
Jan. 37.?This Board held a special moating last night
his Honor the Recorder in the Chair.
The minutes of tlffl last meeting were read and ap
proved.
A jjjU from Jonas B. FhiUipa, Esq., for services ran
deredby him as assistant District Attorney during the
past and present month, being for 37 days, at $8 per day,
amounting to $300, was audited and allowed, on ayes
and nays being called.?1* voting in tho affirmative, and
3 in the negative. ?
From Stephen Heustis for services and necessary ex
penditures in the Court of G.-neral Sessions, amounting
to $43,63, was audited and allowed.
A communication from the Comptroller in regard to
the selection of two newspapers,necessary under the act
passed the 14th May, 1846, which shall publish the laws
of the State of New York, as applicable to this county,
was taken up, and elicited a very warm and general de
bate.
[This law specifies that the Board of Supervisors shall
designate which two of the many newspapers shall give
publicity to the laws applicable to the county in which
they are located, to be determined by ballot; theupapor
having a majority of the ballots shall be the first selected,
and the paper having the next largest to be the next
chosen.]
Aid. Messcrolk expressed his preference for the Evtn
tng Pott and the Morning If tint, sustained at much length
by Aid. Briggs.
Aid. Charlick understood this to have been a pre-con- !
certed movement, he felt himself unprepared to act in J
this matter ; if it was designed to be a party measure and
to be the exercise of party prejudices, it should have |
been properly submitted to a caucus, and in which the ;
views of the party should be found in narmony. He had !
had already been lobbied on this subject by the Eotning i
Pott, since the organization of this Board, and on that !
account, if no other, he was opposed to such a selection.
He would not be influenced in this way ; he was in favor :
of postponing the consideration of this subject until some
future time ; if, however, the matter was insisted upon,
and if it was necessary for an immediate action upon this
point, he was certainly in favor of the Herald ot the Sun,
for it was an undeniable fact that the circulation of either j
the Pott, Newt or Qlobe was insufficient to give that pub- ;
liciljpAo laws of any importance, and in which the majo
rity oA^? population or this county might feel interest
ed j he^miigbt this view a proper one, and was decided
ly in favMei selecting those pa pen (like the Herald ot
the Sun,) ffifcich had the largest circulation.
the Sun,) had the largest circulation.
Aid. Brioos and Mrsskrolc opposed the postponement
of this matter. It was sufficiently understood by a ma
| jority of those present, and if the gentleman last up had
other preferences, he was at full liberty to exhibit them,
' and by his vote declare them.
Aid Charlica expressed bis obligations to Alderman
I Briggs lor this " liberty," and was e jualiy thankful for
tho endorsement of such a sentiment from his friend Al
| derman Messerole; and for this privilege he should so
j register his vote as not to be mistaken in his having da
I red to exercise this privilege.
This debate was continued at much length, and by a
i vote the balloting was proceeded with.
The result gave?
For the F.voning Post S
" Morning News t
" Daily Globe 9
" Courier and Enquirer 3
This being a tie vote so far as the Pott and the Hetct
were concerned, by decision of the Chair, a new ballot
was ordered. An appeal was taken from this decision,
and sustained. A war of words here ensued, smd Aid.
Briggs presented a resolution, declaring the Pott and
1 Srwt as the selected medium through which these laws
of the State should be published.
Aid. Charlick tnen renewed the debate, which he
conducted throughout in the best of humor, and in his
happiest style.
Aid. Briuos persisted in his determinations, and hoped
that hit resolu ion would be acted upon without any fur
ther delay. Here there was a deal of shuffling, and upon
a voto being taken there was ?' dodging of the pit'' upon
! the part ot tho minority; and upon the ayes and nays
I being called, there was no quorum present. So the mat
l ter stands without the Board having arrived at any con
clusion.
The members then generally dispersed, and the whole
subject will have to be reconsidered.
Police Intelligence
Jan. fl.?Burglariet.?William Jones and Daniel Jones
were bi th arrested, last night about 9 o'clock, by police
man Vancourt, of the 3d waid, charged with breaking
into the basement store of John H. Colahan. No. 131
West street?from the fact of both being caught in the
store, and a portion of the property found concealed in
their pockets, consisting of pistols, watch keys, breast
pins, penknives, he., valued at about $37. It appears 1
Mr. Colahan keeps one of those glass case stands on the
sidewalk, and deposited his property in this basement
through the night. These rascals were placed in charge :
of a cunal boa. lying opposite to the store, and no doubt j
they would have conveyed their plunder on board that -
boat for safety, had they not been discovered by that vi- ;
gilaut officer Vancourt. These " cracksmen" had " rip- :
lied" off the padlock, and pried open the door with a
large spike qail. Committed by Justice Osborne for
trial.
Jack White, a black rascal, was arrested last night,
charged with burglariously entering the grocery store 1
or Henrich Van Bremen, corner of Delanoy and Suffolk
afreets, in connexion with a " pal" called Hicks, and 1
stealing therefrom a keg of butter,worth $30. Committed
by Justice Gilbert
Robert Hyde was caught, last night, by policemen Du
fries and Castine, charged with " crooking" the grocery '
store of Paul Fulmar, No. 8 avenue B, and stealing there- 1
from a few dollars in pennies. When discovered by the
policemen, he bolted, and in his flight threw awav the
pennies, which were afterwards tecovered by the offi
cers. Looked up for examination by Justice Gilbert.
On the " Sneak."?Mr. John Psumiester, No. 14 Frank
tort street, observed a young man to leave his premises
rather hastily, with a bundle, consequently he ran alter
him, to see what he had, when, on overhauling the bun
dle, he found a sack coat, worth $7; also, two silk hand
kerchiefs, worth $1. He " necked" him at once, and
brought the rascal to the Tombs, and Justice Osborne
locked him up for the Special Sessions.
Patting Counterfeit Money.?Catherine Morgan was i
arrested yesterday charged with passing two $9 bank
bills on the Manchester Bank, New Hampshire. It ap
nrs she passed one $9 bill at the grooery store of John
iring.No. 78 Roosevelt street,in the purchase of some
tea, and endeavored to pass the other on Mr. E Trough
ton. baker, No. 90 Roosevelt street, for ,a loaf of bread.
Mr. Troughton discovered the bill was bad, and had the
woman arrested. Committed by Jnstice Osborne.
.In Old Thief Couiht?Mr. Bemsn, of the Independent
Police, and officer Whikehart, arrested a young man
roiice, ana omcer wmxetiart, arrested a young man
called Augustus Hudson alias Lowe, charged with going
into the store of Mr. William Downs, No 84 cedar
street, and stealing theiefrom a piece of French cloth
containing IS yards, valued at $01 7?. He was identified
by the boy in Mr. Downs' store, as the person who was
in the store that morning the cloth was atolen. This
Hudson is the same fellow, and identified immediately
by officer Alexander Stewart, to be the same fhllow that
oscaped from the city prison in 1839, in company with
Rill Thompson. This Hudson was arrasted about a year
after in Pittsburgh, brought on to this city, tried and
convicted in 1840 tor a grand larceny, end sentenced te 4
years and six montha in ihe stats prison ; his farm ex
pired last summer. Justice Merritt committed him for
examination.
Petit foircrny - John Watere was " P".lied" by officer
Stewart, for stealing a cloak worth $10. the property of
Pater Lacey, No. W| Anthony street. Locked up by
Juatice Merritt
Caught on the " Snamk."?Frank Jones, on old thief
with " fleshy" dross and oily locks, wos caught on the
jump yesterday afternoon by police man O'Keef, running
| out of the home of William Cohes, No 44 Charry atraat.
Oa bia person waa found a large chiael, evidently uoed to
break open the trunk in the bouae, which waa found
ripped open, and clothing to the amount of $40, ready
to carry off; but upon being disturbed,he fled without hi/
plunder. Committed for tnal hy Justice Merritt.
Kxttvn - Hol'beiy.?The bedroom of Mr. Edward Car
land, directly opposite the "Tombs," in Centre street,
was robbed lust night, of money, jewelry, clothiog, fcc.,
valued at (MM), in the absence of Mr. Carlaud, who was
tripping it on the light fantastic toe A little clue to
the thieves, we are informed, has bean discovered, and
may possibly lead to tha recovery ef the property.
Charge aj Libel ?Mr. Rusaell Jerri made a complaint
yesterday against Or. Solomon Heine, No. 57 Keade
street, charging him with libel, in publishing a hand bill,
and posting the same about the streets, offai ing a judg
ment for sale against Mr. Jarris. Held to bail by Juatioa
Merritt to answer.
Burglary ?Bill Williams and Joseph Lewie, were ar
retted yesterday, on suspicion of "kracking" the store
No. 157 South street, and stealing therefrom, on the 24th
of November last, two watches, a gold chain, and $4 in
bank bills. Locked up for examination.
Arreet of a Policy Dealer.?Sam Hix's a "gemmen" ob
color, 91 Anthony street, entered a complaint yesterday,
belore Justice Osborne, against a Mr. Moore, who keeps
a policy "den," at No. 191 Division street, for selling
him a policy on the 1'okomoke Lottery for 75 cents,
which d idnt prove a "hit," therefore the nigger was
bound to have satisfaction, he having spent within the
last three or four months upwards of $50. Held to bail
to answer by Justice Osborne.
Petit Larceny.?Kate Smith was arrested lest night, for
stealing a wash bowl belonging to John F. Rioicha, No.
224 Broome stieet. Locked up by Justice Gilbert.
The Atrocity of the New York Herald.
[From the PlutUburg Republican, Jan. 94 ]
The ship Liberty, Capt. Nortou, was boarded nearly
one hundred miles at sea, on Saturday, by the N. York
Herald news clipper, and the newa brought to that office
by express, aoross Long Island.
[From the Cincinnati Gazette, Jan. 91J
The packet ihip Iowa, at New York, briDgs advices
from Havre to the 19th December. The newa hy her
waa received, over Long Island, hy the iVeic York Ho
rn d. and we are indebted to that paper fo. an extra con
taining it.
[From the Rochester Advertiser, Jan. 94 ]
The N'W York Herald is receiving scot es of encomiums
from its coteinporaries South,whom it had supplied witu
the joreign news in adva.ice of the mail. The entei
prise of the Herald is sure to call forth two seta of com
ments? oue from those who are recipients ol its favors,
which is all right, and another from the grumblers, who
are left in the distance, which is all wrong.
The steamer Wilmington, which left Charleston,
S. C., on the 24th instant, bound to Wilmington, had a
very stormy passage, and was obliged to return to
Charleston
[aDVIUTIIXMKNT 1 __ _ ,
Doctor Molt and swulm't Panacea.
It i> cnrtoai to ibsrrve how the xeal of some gentlemen of
the inedieil profession boils over whea anything appear* in the
world of science without an introdueHon from a licensed M.
D. In the Herald ot the *0th inst. is fcraud ? report of a speech
delivered by Dr. Mott iu s University, before (Wle a large
number of persons." upon the subject of the 'iMfJjJSJ}
water" in particular, ana what ho is pleased to term llecret
Medicines," in general. The writer of this communication
knows as yet little or nothing asout the "erm of t e new
styptic, and therefoie does not except to th? '' w
man's taking ground against it?but nhjret'ou may be justly
made to his travelling out of his war to add quai mow bowl to
the Cborus whicn is kept up by wr^nofthe imt^i^ffsjeur
mtdicorum," agaiusta medic ne which hu lomarht lis way into
public favor, and is now, since more 'han *w?hty yaaj*. 0 ndy
based upon real merits. Swaim* Panaces hs* J*?"
objfct of jealous dislike to the narrow minded of the
sion; Its wonderful powers in effectiog cares, where all tlio
skill or the faculty was unsuccessful. haveun?v.nm,TI.lm s'i
recommendations to the favor of a class no
cures not effected by diploma'd hands. The learned, andno
doubt well meaning Doctor, says tin the report)? In matters
of this kind, viz the endorsing of irregular and secret medi
cines, I have never been guilty voluntarily but on one occasion,
and that l|have regretted but once.and that once haa been all my
life. It una in the case of Swaim's Panacea I era never dis
posed to favor anything of secrecy, kc otc. The learned
Doctor, and other* of the same stamp of mind, in applying the
term '* sec ret" medicine to the Swaim * Panacea, do little less
than unwittiiigly convict thamielvai of igoorance andI ab?arai*
tr. Why and how is this medicine, more than ell others,
secret? Is it not ex posed ev srv where to the examination and expe
riment s of the curious? Is n medicine which is absolutely put
into the possession of the faculty, to be termed' 'secret because
forsooth they have not yet attained the knowledge requisite to
understand its primitive nature? Does its mystery eonaiat 01
any thing tlie than their want of ability to fi bona If this
be (and this alone cm be,) the ground for applying the term
"secret" to tha Panacea, what is there under the sun which is
not secret? At! nsture is a secret; and we know nothing save
by its prooerties, operation* and effects Electricity and Mag
netism are seciet to the penetration rf the ?*:
pher, yet no one, on that account, hesiutas to.employ their
useful qualities. Honesty is a seers t to the ?W'ndler and wa
much fear that liberty and candor are a secret to l"?*
Doctor. The very orthodox science (should we not ssr art')
of medic in* itself, partakes most plentifully of th s sun'com
plexion of secresy. What says Dr. Jones, an eminent Euro
pean physician? His words ar? 'all medicines. even the most
simple, may he deemed secreU. inasmuch at we are iguoraut
of the principles upon which their egencv depends; It is suffi
cient for as to know that they really possess valuable proper
lies, thvt their use is sale, ani thitwe are well?"Migh ac
quainted wi h their effects to enable ua to employ them with
advantage; and thia is all that the pttieat who takes, or he
physician who prescribes them. n?ed be solicitous ?out. Tae
Royal QolUgt of Phyticiaut in London, has likewise posi
tively avoweo the same 'ibrral and rational doctrine, by intro
ducing into the Loudon Pharmacopoeia several medicinrs. ol
which it states, that' the plants which they are derived fiom
are still nondescript or unknown to the College Among
which may be enumerated " Columbo, Kino, Myrrh end Sara
peuum." In addition to these quotations, we call upon the
Doc or to say what would become of the dignity and ?*elu
siveness of .he profession, where iu vocal ulary to oe
stripped of iu antiquated jargon-were its barks andi hulbs,
its drugs and simples, it* dried leaves and roots, t>
be wished of their Greek and Latin appellations?, how
would their "carmiuatives," "ai.ti-ipasmod.es, Umivm.
"sedatives "aut.-phlogistics," emanagogus." disphoraiic*,
lie. kc. lie., look in a dress of plain L,n?li?h tcxtme ?
and secresy, rebuKed ky? doctor of the Igsb oanturr 1 Venl> ,
the idea is euough to make the erytag philosopher laugh. Kind
reader, cut yeur eyes upon the following .
are a bonafide prescription every day n.ed by the faculty .?
R.?rulv Pip.Rnb.
Hyd. Chlor. Sod.
Acid. A ret.
Mel Desp.
Ann. Kiev.
M. Ft. Garg. .ig; Sum. p. r. a.
Unless you ate one oi the illuminati' this specimen can
not fail to be " pip. rub. eod ,"aud all a mystery ofmvstanee
to your optics. Will it be more ini*lli(>b.e to you, if we re
store to the mutilated word* the member* which this ana
secret frstem ty has lopped off if you wish to try the experi
ment. behold it;? . .
Recipe?Pulveris Piperi Bubn.
Hyd o Chioridi Soda, ?
Acidi Acetici,
Mellis despnmati,
Aqus Finvialis.
Misee. Fist Gsrgarisma.
Signs?Sums'tnr, pro re nata.
This prescription, which, doubtless, often m ???* ?'
fever and ordinary sore throats, you have gaged ni on with re
spect ?nd ewe, and wondered at the deep knowledte ef im
who conld know such nyttertoue medicines, is, in plain tng
lun, nothing more or lass than?
R d pepper.
Salt,
Vinegar,
Honey,
Water.
Mil, make into a gargle.
Direction?Let them be used sccerdmg to eirceusttuee*.
And ill toi ether is a simple gargle fo' the throat, to be asm
WHU*ott?eii the "regular profession," and not
wb'ch depends npon mystery for lU respect ua
Wuh >ut iu seer, sy ihe proiesnou would Ureewll itt kmc feaed
dmnity, and a large share ofita profits. O d women. wno ******
l^iave a tarn for doctoring, would be able te use the aupease
tory at adroitly as a diploma'd M. D ., . r.
1 hese secret cab.lutics need only ha preserved by the Fa
culty, became it is their inlet-sal to preserve them ; so is it
both the interest and right at tha Messrs. Swaim to preserve
the secret of their medicine from all who have nut lb- ability
to discover it: and wa would ask, as the great utility of the
l m?d.cine is now beyond denial, is the paolie to be deprived
I of us benefit*because the discoverers d# not choose to e.tisiy
1 the very disinterested cmioeity i f D_r. Midt It Co?
Let it not be understood that the loregoingre.narks are ap
plicable to all of the Medical profession. There,are many
physicians, holding high rank, earned by tho ough 'earning
and broad experience, who have proved that they raa afford to
be frank ano just, and who have given warm and unqualified
certificates or the valuable saaat ve powers of ihs u
in q iestion. Of thie uumber, moreover, it one time, lthia
same Dr. Mott had the m ric of being one, and styed over his
hand a d signatnre. that he had ' repeatedly nsed thi* Pwanees,
I both in thenoipiul and in private praeuce, and Aodo/ways
found it to be a valuable mtdtetne in ekrooie, syphilitic and
scrofulous complaints, and in obstinate cotaneons affections;
but now he has fallen from his high estate, and hes given him
self np t > a narrow-minded policy, inconsistent with '"getin
I onsnesa or humanity. Wagiv* him credit for the on# aiap be
took in ? noble end independent peth and h mar is due to thut
act, as u wsa to the Quebec leg of the traitor Areold The
public can easily decide whether his original ea operstioaat
recent secession is most entitled to credit, when they Hod By
his own declarations, that the first was predicated npon/act*,
and the latter upon a species of sectarian intolerance. Haa the
conscience of the leerued Doctor never whiepeted to him tnat.
in taking the stand he now does he alanines anonevoua moral
responaibility ??<?r has it become ?o bennmhed by the frigid
at noephere of Therapeutics and Metena Medieu, ua never to
have told him that he owes dut ea to hia W low-create res ae
well as to the pecuniary interests of hia profeuion ? . la there
not a strirgent moral obligation whi' h com-nauds him, wno
knows of a remedy f r ibe relief of a fdHuwkmeg sinking
into the grave, to point out that remedy, and 'Odk?*
with his approval ? ThsgHwaim's
dy, and, that too, for diaeise* bayond llie skill of/he user#
collegiate practitioner, is beyond dupu e. It therefwu tm
c mes the imperative dntv, et least of those J???????
ssho confess themselves convinced of iu utility, n<d to with
hold it f.om the sufferer, but to recommend and
Ifth.s be the nuty, ?h.tistha e imy of that man. who. con
vinced of its niefnloess, yet would annihilate t J Why the
barbarity ofthe i hytici -n who should say to a
" Swaim's P.nacea would haveaaved the life of yyer child, but
I lis principled agaiust prescribing it, ieefltue /cannot
out how it it made " l( there be ^in'th a
righteous, and to be ashamed of, it is toe character ol
Tn eouelasion, we congratalste the Meeers. Swaim on the
ample eooeoletion they po-sess, fot-the coursei pnreuee jv
Mott, in the approval "1 those High FnesU J?f,f olh,ri <n
Chipman. Gibs .n and Dewees, back-d ^7 .g^^rof?sioo and
the new sad old world, both in and out ~J^r^"f^ e,"i
rubstautiited by tha no leas cnuvinf ing easden^ b#n#fltt
ficatea of those who xretrftllly Mk"^!?Jfut,lmoeiaD fully
eeived from the use ofthe Pauecee TWa
compensate for the defection of houeatly and humane
and illiberal m.tivaa, regrets an act ouea honestly
ly pe. formed.
xm.e xree* It should b? remembered Uaut
Conehe Coueamptiou, lartemmation of the Lunge.
Colds, Lought, f , ^rdcri. ere often the result of
of wu feet, damp eludma. .uh:
"w^f.ht-s lad'an Vreaublt Pills are tha best medietas ia the
SliheiiiTlsf off a eold, became they purge from the
Zcstamthoee morbid hnmon which, when loafed in the
?rt. ef the body, tire rise to every me.aJr incident
" a .uida tweatv-Ave caat box of said ladiaa Vegv
ublr^illa wilf not only always sffrwd relief. '"'."?J1-ln ?
jMisy ofcs.es, make s perfect cure of the mr.at ob.ri ;ste ecld.
.? the seme time the digestion will be improved, sndthe blood
so complstely punfled that all evil consequences ".n^ng
from cstchiag cold will be entirely preven ed. sad tha bady
will b? restored to even sounder health than before.
It should also b- remembered that a man by the nam* of
Wm M.Bpesr.who sells medicine purporting to be lndiaa
fills, at th* cornel of Wac# and Front sts., Pnilsdelphia, is not
sn agent ul mine. nti.her can I gmrmty as geunme any that ht
lias lor sale. ... ,
The only security ageinst imposition is to purchase from
reopl* of n'-blarnished character, or at lha Office *"d General
Tpot. No. Ml Ur^nwich street, New| Vorb. M WRJ0HT
Portable Bhavlng Cases -Tht labeerlbert
hsviog perfected and finished a variety of the above, offer the
uig, an the most complete vet mi ev.ted, sellable to the waata
of tha travelling public, containing all that iajssasasssy Tor re*
toilet, with the edd.tioa of the Metallie Tablet Strop, for
shsrpemag tad keeping ragore m tha moat perfect order
(LH AU N D K. RS li BON, IT? B roadway.
? . a few doors above Courtinudt street