THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Vol. X., No. UM-WhoW Ho. ma.
NEW YORK, SATURDAY MORNLNG, OCTOBER 12, 1844
PrlM Two C??M.
THE NEW YORK HERALD?
AIJORIiGATE CIRCULATION
THIRTY-FIVE THOUSAND.
THE UREATESTIN THE WORLD.
To tlie Public.
THE NEW YORK HERAL1)?Daily
listed-wyd., of the year .??p, W.w VMLr>, u.y ^ Fouitll
o J,Bl>r *"*? * ??? P" copy-or $7 M per amiam-postagae
paid?cash in advauco
1 HE WEEKLY HERALD?published every Saturday
morning?price 6% cent* per copy, or S3 M per urn am?post
ages paid, cash in advance.
tzuss&zgg;
tncn in the city or country. Prices moderate?cash in advance.
PRIN1 ING of all kind* executed at the most moderate price.
?nd in Uie moat elegant style. ' '
JAME8 GORDON BENNETT,
PaorniCToa or the Hkrald Eitailkhhcitt,
Northweet ooruer of Fallon and Nassau streets.
PA, V lj. Tfa K AK K Ai^ThTrNt
FARE 1HREE *Hj^^U8,KROM PATERSON TO
On and after the 1st of October the can will We
PaTB so- DtroT. wrw
? o'clock A. M. E
11* "
3 " P. M.
o.l i_ . w ?!? SOfDATS.
8 o cjock A. M. r. # o'clock A-M.
.Mtf'ec PM- 1 4 " PM.
3TATEN ISLAND
FERRY. _ _
Th. n . ^OOT OF WHITEHALL. ~ ?
. Th. ???.S'ew" VOltK *?
P ? a*ri ""V0' A ^ "H. ?X ??l 5K, P. M.
? ,' Kood* must be particularly marked, and are at the
ri?k of the owners thereof. ' ' *l2?
*OK. HAL.1FAA AM) LiVEK^UOL..
^teamen BRITANNIA
lajid CALEDONIA, will leave Boston, for
th? above poru, as follows
Passage to Liverpool.... .TV.. . ... ?na
Passage to Hulifag *'S
.,|m A^U,
G3&a>
. MjtL..the Night Line to ALBANY AND Tkotf
wUleh^e the hour ofdeparture from 7 to 6 o'clock. P. M.,
Yaii.
9 o'clock A. M.
1?K " P. M.
4 " ??
?? i, iunuif,
landt street rier.
TROV^^dE^%IRK0'Cl?Ck' ft?B B"Cl*7 MreM *??
\3 IT j0"".* lLhe ?rf?tFairiMid Cattle Show, Tuesday, 17th,
Wednesday, iSth, and Thursday, l#th. will reduce the fare to
75 oniti to and from PoPKhkecpsie ud New York. stt
NEW YORK, ALBANY AND TROY STEAMBOAT
LINE.
IV Straiiip' KMP1RE?Captain'ff'll. Roe, Monday, Wednes
day and l< riday Morning at 7 o'clock.
The Swam*r TROY, Captain A. Oorham, Tuesday, Thar*
day and Saturday Morning, at 7 o'clock.
Evening Line from :he loot of Courtlandt street diraet.
The Steamer SWALLOW, C.pSSTa ffii^fenday.
Wednesday and I1 nday Evening, at < o'clock.
The Stetnu-r ALBANY, Captain R. B. Macy, Tuesday
Thursday and Saruiday Evening, at 6 o'clock,
i. MU.?nthi' "J"' ?"i"K to their light drausht of wa
ter, are able at all times to pass the ban, and reach Albany and
Troy m ample time to take the morning train of cars for the
?ast or we*f.
For paasage or freight, apply on board, or at the offices on the
wnarv??i. ^
PEOPLE'S LINE OF STEAMBOATS
FOR ALBANY.
0*L ?AikY' Sundays ncepted?Through direct,
(?psQbd'ti * P. M., from he Steamboat Pier between
?SUMdHnK?(yoartlaiidt and LibertjLstreets.
i I 5N,i;KER?(iCKra. Captain A. P 8l
John, Moudav, WtdQe?day and Friday Evenings at S o'clock
H0CHE8T;ER, Captain A. Vn?h?Jul 0Ii
lueeday, ihuraday and Saturday Eveuings, at 4 o'clock.
. , , '?'rom the foot of Barclay street.
?pc JTe ? ^'ocI'i.,^.IV^7L'u",',1K 41 luteruiediate Place*.
IV Stea,nb??t NORTH AMERICA, Captain BTo Cret
o'clock y' Tho?d?T Saturday Afternoons, at 5
Che Sujmhoal COLUMBIA, Captain William H Peek
io'clock' W*tl,u*d*>r' ,u", >ni?y and Sunday Afternoons, at
P*s?nBen taking either of the above lines will arrive
in Albany in ample time to take the Morning Trains of Can for
**. weat. Hie boats are usw and substantial, are fnr
aidvd with new and elegant sure rooms, and for speed and ac
soinrnodiition*, ire ourivalled ou the Hudsun
All (?*rsnns are forbid trnsting any of the boats of this
line, without an nnter from the Captain.
apply on hoard, or to P. C. 8ehulti,
at the Office on the wharf. o7rc
PLEASANT AND CHEAP EXCURSION^.
NEW B(STATEN
wlano.iXndnJw VOIUl KEllKV.
_ *Lrt)r" P'f' No- 1, North River, foot of Battery Place.
f*L7\V 8<"unbo*t CINDERELLA, w.il run as
follows Daily, from May JOtli to Ocwoh. In,
'p-m""1 New Yorl" 9*nd u ?'c,oc?'
u/h p. Mminu,e*10 "d ,# minuu-w
^Uaves New Brighton a) I and 10 A. M.; at IX, 5 and 7*
On Sunday-Leaves New York, at? and U A. M.; at 3, ? and
at1 5 iud7MP Mrt Rlchmo,ld? #t * mmnu? to ? and 10 AJV1;
,V.'J"vork. May u. l?4 myll tm're
FARE REDUCED.
?OR CROTONVILLK, SING 8INO, TARRYTOWN
/a? IHVIN(J WILTSIE'8rfoCK,HASTING^
^^^?AND YdNKERS.?On and after Ssturd.y,
i u.xRMis.-Un and after Saturday,
?: ^ and 9ub?tAiitiai
steemhoat WASiUNOTON IRVING Cam Hiram Tuthill,
w i v/ "" ",ot ?' Chamber street for the above places, daily
J! Iw M l S""dy , Raturuiiuf, will leave CrotonvUle
at 0"4, and Siuk Siuk at 7 o'elock A. mT, landing at the foot of
Uanim.nid ?tr?et earh way.
4|,,,ly 00 board' or 10 STEPHEN B.
UMiPKINH, 19? \v^r ntrmet. ?32m*rc
11,1" BATn, lirtKIJliVfcU A> Li llAIXUVVbuL.
The ucw steamer PKNOB.KyOT, Captain
?N. Kimball, leaves the end of T wharf, Boston,
, , , ^?-"'rv Tnrsrtay and Friday eveuings, at 5
o :lock. Strifes will be in readiness ou her arrival at the abovi
T fjT> In flii? n?iijfiKr rinv town*.
* ALL AND WINTER AKKANtiK.MF.NT.
JSEWARK ND NEW YOuK.
FARE ONLY 1JI1 CKNT8.
THE NEW AND SWIFT STEAMBK RAINBOW,
CAPTaIN JOHN OAFFT '
ON and af'er SepUmber 10th will run daily,
"follows (Sundays incladed) :?Leave New
. . -?JU*. foot oft entre street, 8 o'clock A. M.?
> e .New Vork, foot of Barclay streat, 3 o'elock P. M.
ii" r-r
. M-'W Live.uruinj-iiir
KfTJTV Packet 21st October.?The su|wrior fast sailing pack
?WHBfart shii) ROf'HESTKR, '00 tons burtliern. Captain
Biituni, will sail as above, her regular day.
For fremht or |>assage, having elegant and spacious accommo
dations, apply ou board, wrai side Barling Slip, or to
WOODHULL k MINTURNS,
o- m n South stmt
Pnce of Pattafe ftlOO.
The packet ship llottinffetir, Capuin Ira Baraley, master. 1150
tons burthen, will succeed the Rochester, and sail on liar mrn
|rtf f* 'V Q**?oh?r ^
tOK NtW ORLEANS?? 'llie splendid new
^packet ship EMPIRE, Captain Russell, now loading
sit V iirrav s viharf, fuot of Wall, street, will be dis
pa.yMd lor New Orleans on th? 18th instant.
'I his la-auiifnl ship is U00 rons register, and fittad up in a
at) le uiii-iju illed by any ship ailoai, lor the comfort of cabin,
sec nd cabin andnt-nrage ipassengnrs. 'I hose adout to embark
for New Orleins at the above dale, will And it their iutaivst to
tiamiue (lie accommodations previous to their engaging else
where. t or passage ap|>ly on board, or to
John herdman,
_ n^*t 61 South street.
l[OR NEW ORLEANS?Union Line?Fint
? regular (mrket with de?patch?Tlie fast sailing packet
UNION, J. B. Batiorue, master, i^ now loading
"l have immediate dispa'ch. For cuhiu, second cabin and
si-rr.iKr i>*?wnKeM, having superior accoinmoda.inu, eaily ap
plication should be triadv on board, at Murray's wharf, or to
^ JOSEPH MeMUHRAf,
*2Pfc 100 Pine slreef. cori er of South street.
|(t4 LI V t.RP(JOL? [>ew L.iu>?lingular farket
PWV".' *'l!. Q?t-?The regular last sailing Packet Ship
|MHHbGAKHICK, Captain a. J. 11. Traskj of 1,100 tons
tiurthen.will sail as above, her regular day.
ror Ireighi or passsg% having dccominodations unequalled
for splendor or comfort, apply on board at Orleans wharf, foot
ol Wall street, or to
_ . . _ COLLINS It CO, 18 South street
Price of ( visage, tioo.
T** iwck-t ship Bosoins, Capt, John Collins, of IK0 tons,
will succeed ihe Garrick, and sail 26th November, her regular
"y- s27r<
TOR NEW ORLEANS.?The fast sailinTihin
(TUC.NTON. Captain Cott.ng, will pSrfti^ylSil oS
_jSitnrday, Octobe, 12.
,plmdid ship has unsurpassed accommodations for eg
bin, second cabin and steerage passengers, who will be tak?n at
tlie low* i rates. Those desirous of securing berths, will require
to make early application an boa d, at Pier No. M E. K. or to
v,? t L JOHN HEADMAN. 61 South st^2L
*VB. The sabscriber will have a regular saccession of first
" . y*' ,a"*u* 'very fire flays, lor the above port. olOrc
>OB SAVANNAH?The ship HHODR isirAND,
?Jj^rytapt Andrews.will \* des^atchMl lor the abore port on
JNMBia*4tur<tay, DcuH er 12th.
r or |fct.?ne, tMviuir rvcellent accommodations in cabin an ?i
slseraite, all of whjen will be at the lowes' rate, apply to
<*'?"? JOHN HERDMAN, 1.1 South street.
/OR NKW oRLKAN8.-DiHgtT.-The steam
hip ALABAMA, 700 tons burthen, Henry W indie,
-? jiyommanoer, will sail lor the above port on the 15th
Mcti-nri neit, St ? o clock. This splendid and remarkably
?taani li stinmrr has been thoroughly overhauled the present
sninmer, ie-?ly c-piwd, and is farouhed with a powerful set
nl w-vv Botl. rs, made at tlie Novelty Works of this city. She
11 rtm-cted to make the run to tlie II all re with ease In s|g days,
end hating li.oidsome and comfortable accommodations, fot
both calon ai d iieerage passengen, offers au unusually desirable
conveyance to thg travelling community. For light freight 01
piusagr. apply to U. MEllLE,
.!?? l??!Wl?ee Jgg Fmnt St.
Jl4? ? ORLEANS? Union Liuo? Kint
?MWyRegulir Packet with ??'?patch -The splendid, fs.t
mkUmlm ailing packet CINCINNATI, Capuin L. Rajs*, will
po<iti?ely sail as above.
Having superior accommodations for cabin, second cabin and
?t trine psa-engsrs, psrsons shout ta smbsrk should make im
mediat. application on boaid, at Murray's wharf, or to
JOSEPH McMURRAY,
<>?*? ?? Pu* itwst, coraar of South
BAHENNE & CO
AT THE CORNER OK GRAND STREET AND
BROADWAY,
Entiunc* 114 Gband Stkklt,
FASHIONABLE ESTABLISHMENT,
Where the choicest assortment of Piritiu Mod*, Hats, Cape,
Head Dresses, fcc., will always be fouud of the best selections?
importation direct. ?j|rc
SP
MRS. M. WILSON begs t?? inform her Irieudj and
the public, that she is prepared to exhibit a rich and
. elegant assortment of Fall Hata, which she fla'ters herself
the ladies will and worthy their inspection A few Imported
?? purchas-d for patterns, selling (or lee* than co?t. Country
Milliners, in March o' pattern*. wou'd do wel. to c.ll previous
to purchasing. On hand a choio* assortment of Fetlhers,
r lowers, Cape, and Head Dresses. Ladies' own materials iaade
up iu the neweststyle. MRS. M. WILSON,
oil 2w*tc 291 Grand St., between Allen and Orchard.
FRENCH
ARTIFICfAL FF.OWEKS AND FEATHERS,
.v*. BRUN LAROSIERE h COURT, 116 William
pljHl/street, New York, are receiving by the Havre packets,
5nff2their assortment of Kail Oooas, which, for elegance,
"**^*they hate no rival. All dealers and judges iu tlie above
line, are invited to give them a call, and we will venture to say
they will not leave the store without expressing thair admira
tion of such a beautiful stock. They pledge themselves that the
public will not be deceived with Amerieau Flowers for French,
aa they have their house iu Paris, Rue de A'racy, No.6, and detl
exclusively in French Klowers. ol lm*ec
MAG A ZIN DE MODE,
Ho 60 Canal Street.
TV/T AD AME D. BEHRMAN. begs leave to inform her friends
that h-r opening for the Fill and Winter Fashiopi,
In Paris Hata, Cars, Head Dreaaee, French Klowers, Feathera,
and Ribbous, of the choicest styles, (carefully selected by her
ag uts at Paris,) together with a variety of
PARISIAN MILLINERY FOR LADIES TOILETS,
will take place on Munday, the 7th October. Madam B. solicits
the favor of an early call at her old establishment, Magazin de
Mode, 60 Canal street.
New York. October 3d, 1844. o4 lm'ec
1MKIS MlLLliNfcK*.
V/f ISS F. OODEFROY, 349 Broadway, opposite to the
ivX Carlton House, will open on Tuesday, the 24th instant, her
assortment of Fall and Winter Millinery, Embroideries, Ma
terials for Dressee, Fancy Articles, lie.
Country Milliners will be supplied at the most moderate
prices. <17 lm*m
FRENCH ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS,
day, an entirely iresn sioca oi rmncn Artincial Flowers,
Feathers, iic., just received by the last packets from Havre. The
above stock was selected in Paris by C. E. Becker, late sales
man with Bruu k Co.. of William street sll lm*ec
TURKISH FANCY STORE,
505 Broadway,
"IX7HERF. may be had Fancy Articles, just received from
vv Constantinople. Also, Turkish Tobacco, fiesh Turkish
Candy, made here by the proprietor, (an Armenian gentlemau,)
who nas long resided iu Constantinople. His Candy being
fresh, renders it far superior to that whi' h is imported from
Constantinople. H. TATEOYSAN.
06 Iw'bc
BEACON COURSE-RACING.
THE FALL MEETING of 1844, will cosrmence on Wed
nesday, October 23d. weather permitting, and contiuue three
dsys, commencing eichday at 2 o'em k.
First Day?fropr etor's Purse, $100, Mile Heats, for three
year olds that never won a purse.
Same Day?At J o'clock, Purse $800. Three Mile Heats, free
far all horses, $200 lo second best, Entries to the abova >o be
made on Monday evening previous to tlie race, at'R. Smith's,
Park Row, by 1# o'clock.
Second Day?At 2% o'clock,Purse (100,MilaHeats, free for al
horses.
Same Day?At 3)4 o'clock, Purse $100, for all horses, Mile
Heats, beat three in five Entries to be made at R. Smith's, the
evening p evious, by 10 o'clock.
Third Day?At o'clock. Purse $?00 frte for ?'l horses
never won a purse previous lo this meeting. Two Mile Heats.
Same Day?At 3X o'clock, Purse $100, Ore for all horses,
Two Mile Heats.
This Meeting takes place at this time, in order to give the dif
ferent Stables of Hon**, which will attend the B Itiinore R ce?.
time to attend this meeting. All of tlie important Stables from
Virginaand Mir land are expected to attend this meetiug. to
gether with Col. Williamson's fable from North Carolina, in
cluding Regent, Marctii mess and s?veral ?'?hers. Also, Mr,
Johnson's S able, inclu. ing the Colonel and ihreeor four others.
Col. Thompson's Stable from Washington, avd several others
from the south are exiwcted '1 h?*e Stable*, together * ith the
loug string of hor-es from Loi'g Island and New Jersey, in
cluding Fashion, wht will me^t Regent tlie tlnee mile day, will
constitute a larger number of horses than has attended any (nett
ing at the north for sev ral VMM.
Tn case either purse ihuuld be walked over for, but half the
amount will be given.
The following Sweepstake* are open to come off durinc tlie
week of the above meeting, for three year olds. sub. $100, h l\.,
$100 added by the Proprietor, Mile Heats, three or more to make
a race.
Also. Sweepstakes for 4 or S year olds, snb. $150, h. ft., $IP0
added by the proprietor, Three Mile Heats, three or more to
mike a race.
Both the above to n?me and close at R. Smith's, on the Even
ing of the 22d Oct., at 10 o'clock.
The above Meeting to be governed by the Rules of the Union
Course. Stables ana straw will be furnished gratis. ollrc
BRITISH AND NORTH AMERICAN ROYAL MAIL
STEAM SHIPS.
. Of 1200 tons and 440 horse power each ?
Under contract with the Lords of the Ad|
?minify.
HIBEKNIA,., Captain Alaaander Ryrie.
CALEDONIA, Captain Edward O. Lott.
ACADIA... Captain William Harrison.
BRli ANN lA Captain John Hewitt.
. CAMBRI A, .. ... . .Captaiu C. H. E. Judkins.
Will'sail from Liverp?ol and Boston, via. Hulfai, as follows:
From Boston. From Liverpool.
Caledonia, Lott August 16th. ?
Acadia, Harrison... Sept. 1st. August 4th.
Hiben.ia, Ryrie " 16th. ,r 20th.
Tltese vessels carry experienced surgeons, and an siviplip'l
with Life BoaU.
For freight or passage, apply to
5. Bill OH AM, Jnn.. Agent,
auflrc No. 3 Wall street.
FOR NEW ORLEANS AND GALVESTON,
TEXAS-vu HAVANA AND KEY WEST.
To Sail on Satubdav, 12th Ocyiti, at 4 o'clock, P. M
Tlieelegant well known and favorite Steam
ship NEW YORK, John T. Wright, Com
imander, will positively sail as above. This
steamer has been overhauled, and pnt in com
plete order for the season, and no ex|>ense has
been spared *> make her every way complete?has large and airy
s'ate-rooms, every way adapted for tlie comfort of passengers.?
She carries sufficient fael from here for the voyage, and will
not stop at the intermediate ports only lo land aud receive pas
teups r*.
? or passage, apply to Capt. Wright on hoard foot of Clinton
street, E R, or to A. HUBBARD St CO.
a*-12 lrn?rrc 37 Peck Slip.
FOR SALE?The.elebraied Sail Boat WII-LIAM
M. GROESBECK, tlie fastest 16 ft. boat known,
lhavil K beat six of I he fastest sail boats that Could be
Croduc a one of them 18 feet long, among which were the C.
Ingersnll and Ann Ma*ia, and never having lost a r'Ce. She
i* in first rate order, having good Sails, Swivel Sculls, two Rud
ders, one lor racing, aud every thing complete She is nearly
new, being less than a year old and does not leak a drop. She
can be seen at the foot of 8priug street, N. R. Inquire st 300
West street near Spring. oil Jt*ec
FOR HAVANA, FROM PHILADELPHIA.
The A. 1. fast-sailing packet barune M.IZAHKTP
KfKfVJ., John 8. Remington, master, will sail positively oi>
jHBlGBlXlh Oc'ober.
hor freight or passage, having snperior fnrniahe<l accommo
dations, a large aud commodioua cabin, with twelve state
rooms, apply to JOHN F. OHL 8i SON,
s!7 3w then 101 South Wharvee, Philadelphia.
LOUISIANA LINE OF NEW ~0RLKANS
.PACKETS?Packet of the 14th Oct.?First Packet or
|J>as?age fiee?The well known last sailing packet
shi,i ? AZOO, (/apr. Wibray, will sail punctually as above,
her regular day, weather remitting or |?saage Iree.
The ships of this line have now commenced their regular
trips, and will sail punctually as usual, evrry Momliy morning,
fu'lornot. Pef?ons about to embark for the ahove port will
find this the only tegniar line sailing out of New York for New
Orleans, and the price of passage is low, for which apply on
board, foot Wall street, or lo
W. It J. T. TAPSCOTT,
76 South street cor. Maiden Lane.
" Holmes Line" picket ship Alabama, will succeed the Yazoo,
and siil Oil Monday, 20th insl. o8rc
OLD-ESTABLISHED PACKET OFFICE,61
South street?Passage to and from Great Britain and
Jrrland, via Liverpool. Passage can at all times be
engaiteil at the lowest rates, to and from Liverpool, by the regu
lar I'arkei nliips sailing under the new arrangement every lew
da> s, arel drafts can as usual he furnished for any amount, paya
ble at the National and Provincial Bank, Ireland, and theit
branches, and throughout the United Kingdom, as well as at all
the principal hanking institutions in England, Scotland and
Wales, without discount or any other charges. For further par
ticulars, if by latter, post panl apply to
*4ec JOftN HERDMAN, 61 South st.
|? EXCHANGE ON ENGLAND, IRELAND,
>11^.SCOTLAND AND WALES.-The Subscriber has
all timea for sale Drafts from ?1 to ?1000, payahlt
at all the principal Banking lostilotinus throughout the United
Kingdom. JOHN HERDMAN, 61 South st.
NTB. Passage to and from Liverpool can be secured at th?
lowest rates by any of the line of paclieta sailing on the 1st. 6lh
t Ith, 16th, list and 26th of each month, on application as above
_jy*4 ee
???- FOR OLASOOW? Hegular Paekei?The new
WflVWfast sailng, coi |ier*<l barque ADAM CARR, 340
JBHhb'ohs burthen, Captain Robert Scot), * ill sail I" riday
B>xt, I uh instant.
For passage, apply on board, loot Dover street, or to
WOODHULL ?t MINIUMNS,
? n1e<! 07 South street
FOR LIVERPOOI^-I'acketof the 16th of Oc'.
The splendi packetshipENOLANU, ''apt Bartlett,
will siil on the 16th t lr.tober, her regular d.iy She
has unsurpassed secommodalions for Cabin and steerage pa*sen
gers. kor passage, apply to JOHN He RMAN,
lore 6' South street.
PASSAGE FOR NEW ORLEANS. MOBILE
OR SAVANNAH?The following firstclsss regu
lar Packet Ships will sail positively as follows?
Pur ,>ew Orleans, Paek-l Ship YAZOO, (.'apt. Wilrsy. oil
the 14th Octoliar. Also. Packet Ship ALABAMA, Capt. Bun
ker, 21s! October.
For Charleston, Packet Ship WARSAW, Capt. Parsons, on
the uth Oc lobar.
For Sevannsh, P.eket sh L. BALDWIN, Capt. Bassett, on
the I Ith October.
The above well-kno^u packets will sell punctually M above,
sad the accommoda ions tor cabin, second cabin and staereae
passengers are very supatior. To secure berths, early applica
tion shonld qe made on hoard, or to
W. hi. T. TAPSCOTT,
?I* Ttjtauh street,. coraer Maiden Us*
[From the Philadelphia Spirit of the Times.]
General Convention of the Protestant Bpla*
copal Cknrch In the United State*.
[Deferred remarks of the Rev. Mr. Forbes of
New York on Dr. Hawk* substitute to the resolu
tion ol Mr. Memninger, as amended by the Rev.
Mr. Younf of South Carolina.]
WlDltkhDAY, Oct 9, 1844.
The Rev. Mr. Forbss of New York, was oppo
sed to all the different propositions presented, be
cause they assumed the existence ol errors in the
doctrines ot the church in relerence to the exis
tence of which not a particle of proof had been
laid before the house. At first, gentlemen seemed
willing to advert to the source trom whence these
supposed errors had their origin, but since we have
bem told to trace their origin in the Oxford Tracts,
and then the gentlemen trom Va. followed with
some sixty odd speculations. He had never, how
ever, met with a single individual who held any
one of them, on the contrary every article seemed
to be a direct perversion of the doctrines supported
by the tracts He did not prut ess himself an advo
ca'e of those trait-?as tar as they threw any ueetul
light on the formularies of the church, he fell grate
ful to their authors, but so far as they weut beyond
them, he threw them off, and they could have no
authority with him. bo great was the perversion
of the true doctrines of these writings, that he was,
with deferencr^iuclined to believe that the gentle
man from Virginia had never read them, but that
his knowledge of them was confined to an article
which appeared some two or three years ago in the
" Recorder," an English radical journal, which he
had read, and which contained something like it.
It really seemed if thiB had accidentally fallen in
his way, and he had used its perversions without
ever having perused the original tracts.?
Other specifications of error came from the Rev.
gentleman trom Obi*), (Dr. Brooke.) He had in
stanced the error of Tradinou. Now he confessed
that he knew and tecognized it not, as it had been
averred, as a co-ordinate rule of faith, and yet he
had to acknowledge that he came trom what was
called and considered "the inter ted district," on
this subject?he recognized the Bible alone as the
rule of taith. Not that we should reject tradition;
and to show its value he would illustrate his po
sition by assuming a parallel case. Suppose, some
one hundred years neiice, the doctrines of the
Episcopal Church should be called in question?
they would have our Book of Commou Prayer
still in existence, but yet opposite opinions on
points ofdoctrine might be deduced from it. Now,
if they could obtain,in addition tothe Prayer Book,
the Sermons of the present day, and after perusing
them should find that, while our ecclesiastics disa
gree on many minor points, they all agree on great
general questions, would not those then inquiring
from past standards say that those points ol general
aereement must have been the doctrines of the
Episcopal Church in 18441 Most assuredly, nnd
as they would receive benefit trom what would be
tradition then, we find the use of tradition now
The gentleman trom Oaio ha- also referred to
the doctrine of Justification by Faith, but had con
fused it with the doctrines ot the Romish Chuich.
If he could not see the difference, othets could.
But, for t^e sake of argument, he waB willing to
admit that serious difficulties existed in the
Church; let us then come to the question of the
proposed remedy. All the resolutions before us
agree in one particular, which is that the whole
subject should be sent up to the House of Bishops
for their godly counsel and advice upon it. That
opinion necessarily could come to us only in two
ways, either by a pastoral letter, or by au express
declaration ot opinion on the const!uction ot cer
tain religious articles. Tbe first course was tried
in reference to this very subject of Justification by
Faith, at .the last General Convention, and the
pastoral letter met with general commendation,
and was universally acquiesced in because it did not
go into any very rninuie details. It was like putting
at. Paul and St. Jarues into the same epistle. The
House of Bishops, il again called upon wauld be
| necessitated, by the very usture of the question,
to send us their answer again in the same way.
But be would ask, is it desired that our " articles"
of religion should be alteredl Is it required that
the House ot Bishops should give a new definition
on any of the subjects mentioned? Jt is supposed
not. We all profess to b* contented with ihose
articles, so tar as they go. What is des red, then,
is aa expansion of such articles; a going mure into
detail, a giving more full and exact defini
tions suited to the exigencies of the times
This is precisely the doctrine of developement?
the Retnish doctrine ?? developement. And we
place ourselves in this situation, that while we re
luse to bow to the decision of a great Council ot
the Church, where all Christendom is Hsstmbled
and represented, we are at the same titn^ wilin g
to believe whatever a General Convention of the
ProteBlant Episcopal Church in the United States
may speak, and bow to its decision. We are will
ing to give them the authority to develope doc
trines for us and allow them to assume a power
which is denied to a General Council ol the whole
Church. He affirmed that if the House of Bishoi*
should give the desired opinion, it would be
of no value or force, unless it amounted pre
cisely to what we nave now in our posses
sion. The churches of Antioch, Jerusalem
nnd Rome, we are told, have erred; we are
then to infer that the Protestant Episcopal Chuich
of the United States of America may err, and bet
up a standard different trom its creed ; and it it
may err, it certainly never was more liable to do eo
than now. When there is a conflict of opinion
throughout the entire chri^ian world, a t-hakirg,
a? it were, of the foundations?a re-ex. ruination
ot first principles?is it a time to distuib the arti
cles of oor church ? Are we, in the midst of great
prevailing excitement, to ask our House of Bishops
to express miuutely their opinions on the most dif
ficult matters the world was ever distracted with?
now, too, when the clamor is loud trom without
and within the pale of the church 1 It is obvious,
at such a time, our judgments were never more
likely to err. And now suppose the opinion thatthr
House of Bishops should give was erroneous, and
should militate against the doctrines of the Nicene
Creed?what would be its fate 1 Suppose f?>r ex
ample, in developing the docirine of Justification
by Faith, it should be brought into the article of the
creed,"! believe in one baptism for the remission ol
sins," which is the highest authority'? And insup
posing that in course ol an argument, he wished not
to be misunderstood; he believed in justification
by faith, but he believed that Article could be bo
defined as to militate against an Article ot the Ni
cene Creed. Would the decree of this Conven
tion, emanating from the House of Bishops, be au
thority for any such standard of beliet which was
contrary to the Creed of the Church, or to one or
all of the essential articles of the Christain faith'!
The reason why our Creeds are so emphatically
made the guides of faith, is that they are but ex
panstons of the baptismal creed of our Lord : "Go
ye into all the world and make disciples of all na
tions, baptising them in the name of the Father and
of the Son and of the Holy Ghost,"?the last so
lemn charge ot our Divine Master before his ascen
sion to heaven; the Apostles Creed is only a more
expansive form, and the Nicene creed in its turn,
more expansive still, and then there was
the Athanasean Creed still more full ?
Is there a member ot our Church who does not
believe implicitly in every article contsined in the
creedl He heard it the other day in the course ol
of araument suggested as to the " descent into hell,"
that it was not an essential of the faith The be
lief in thm was as essential as all else: it is connect
ed with the incarnation of the Son of God. It was
as man that He wns born, suffered death, was
buried, asoendad into hell, rose again trom the
dead and descended into heaven. These aresII
intimately connected, however,with that great ceii
tral truth ot our religion, the incarnation ot the Son
of God. He that would not believe " the descent
into hell," held not in its integrity the true Catho
lic faith. He would sooner, ihm, part with his
hands than at any earthly bidding be prevailed
upon to relinquish any one article of the creeds.
The opinion ol this General Convention could not
excuse it. The Rev. gentleman further aseerted
that the House of Bishop# would find it utterly im
possible to settle i he matters suggests d to them in the
way proposed; they therefore would not attempt it.
There were two principles embodied in the iormu
laries of the church, the one what might be termed
the Catholic, and the other the Protestant; the
first, pervsding the Liturgy, the Creeds and offices;
the other expressed in the Atticles. Now leave
both alone, and all things are reconcilable; but
extend both to their remote limits and there will
be clashing. He was tor leaving them as they
now stand; they can be readily reconciled by the
use ot that liberty which the church allows. But
if attempt to carry either out as far as they may be
pri'Hwd, there must be clashing between the two
What will be the result 1 One or the other of th?
two classes of persons now living together in peace,
must go out of the church. Did the genilentai.
irom Ohio (Dr. Brooke) wish to have the church
all to himself and triends 1 or did he desire a plau
mble excuse for wi'hdrawing from the church. As
for himself he could not think of the effect of such
a proceeding as that proposed without alarm. He
should regard it sa a great calamity to the church;
this the House of Bishops would Me, and the)
would not attempt to act.
Tmibsday, Oct. 10, 1844.
After the Morning Prayers war* read by the
Rev. Dr N B Crochfr, ot R I , assisted by the
Rev. E Mead of N Y , the minutes of the last
tiession were read aud approved.
The Rev. Dr. Jarvia Irom the Standing Commit
ter, on the General Theological Seminary, made a
report aa to the nomination of the various diocesea
tor trustees of the seminary.
The canon on "Episcopal Resignations pro
posed yesterday by Rev Dr Uplqld, is as follows:
Whereas the resignation of ihe episcopal juris
diction of a diocese is to be discountenanced, but
nevertheless as it may, undei certain circumstan
ces, be boih neceesaty and de?ir?bje, it is hereby
declared that the episcopal resignation ot adiocess
may take pl .ee under the following regulations,
that is to say:
Section 1. If, within six months before the me*1*
ing of auy General Convention, a bishop shall de
sire to resign his jurisdiction, he shall, when such
General Couvention meets, make known in writ
ing to the House of Bishops such desire, together
with the reasons moving him thereto; whereupon
the House of Bishops shall have full power and
authority to investigate not only the whole caso ot
the proposed|iesignation, but any other tacts and
circumstances bearing upon it, so that the whole
subject of the propriety or necessity ot such resig
nation may be placed fully betore the House ot
Bifhops .... . *
Section 2 Au investigation having thus been
made, the House ot Bishops thall have power to
decide on the application, and, by the vote oi a
majority of those present, to accept, or refuse to
accept, such resignation ; and in all cases ot a pro
posed resignation, the Bishope shall cause their pro
ceedings to be recorded, on their journals; and in
case ot acceptance, the resignation shall be com
plete when thus recorded: and notice thereof shall
qe given to the House of Clerical and Lay Depu
"'lection 3. In caBe a Bishop should desire to re
sign at any period not within six months before the
meeting ot a General Convention, he shall make
known to the presiding Bishop such his desire, with
the reasons moving them thereto, whereupon the
presiding Bishop shall communicate without delay
a copy of the same to every Bishop ot thisChurch,
and at the same time summon ssid Bishops to meet
him in person, at a place to be by him designated,
most convenient to all, and at a time not less than
three months (from the date ot his summons; and
should a number, not less than thtee-tourths et all
the Bishops ot this Church, meet at the time and
place designated, they shall then have all the
powers given by the previous sections of this Canon
to the House of Bmhops; and Bhould a number
less than three-fourths assemble, they shall
have power to adjourn lrom time to time until they
can secure the attendance ot three-tourihs ?>t all
the Bishops of this Church. Should a proposed re
signation of a Bishop be accepted at any meeting
ot the Bishops tor that purpose held during a recess,
then it shall be the duty of the presiding Bishop to
pronounce such resignation complete, and to com
municate the same to the ecclesiastical authority
of each diocese, who shall cause the same to be
read to the several congregations therein. And it
shall be the further duty ot the presiding Bishop to
cause such resignation to be formally recorded on
the journals of the House of Bishops tnat may meet
in General Convention next therealter. It the
Bishop desirous of resigning should be the pre
siding Bishop, it shall devolve,upon the Bishop next
in seniority. , . ...
Section 4. No Bishop whose resignation ot the
episcopal jurisdiction of the diocese has been con
summated pursuant tp this Canon, shall, under any
circumstances, be eligible to any vacant diocese
in union with this church, nor shall he have a neat
in the House of Bishops, nor shall he perform any
episcopal act. , . .
Section 5 A Bishop who ceases in any mode to
have the episcopal charge ot a diocese is still sub
ject in all matters to the authority of the (jenerul
Convention. . .
Section 6. Canon XXXII. of 1832, is hereby re
pealed. . ,,,
The committee on expenses made report that the
estimated expenses of convention were $1200, and
as there was likely to be a deficiency in the lunds,
proposed the adoption ot a new canon increasing
the diocesan quota from 75 cents to one dollar lur
each clergyman. Referred to committee on canons
Rev. Mr GaBKnLKAr offered a resolution, thut
at noon to-morrow, the Convention proceeded to
the election ot a Treasurer, which was agreed to
Hon. J. McPhekbon Bbbkien called up the con
sideration ot the resolutions uuder discussion, aud
for the purpose ot putting a limit to the debate, he
wished to? fler a resolution. The subject had been
elaborately debated, and doubtless the minds ol
most members were made up betore coming here,
and theMoie he believed turiher debate could not
alter any opinion. There were also other import
ant subjects for the consieeiation ot the conven- ,
lion, and an undue propoilion ot the time ot thr |
House was given to the present resolution, whtcn
he thought was injurious to the cause we were all
anxious to promote. The following whs the i
tiou, that at 12 o'clock to-day the Hwuse should
proceed to h vote by yeas and nays on the reBolu- i
lion and amendment, without fur.her debaie^ j
Judge Chamubks had wished to anticipate the |
gentleman for the purpose ot moving a postpone
ment ot the subject te allow the House to take U|>
other business. He was in lavor, alter what had
b?-en done,not to limit debate. It any mischief could
be experienced from ihe debate, it had already
been done, and he therelore hoped the debate
would be continued as long as any gentleman bus
a word to say. It the church is in danger, let us
prove the height, depth, length and breadth ot It.
But little difl-rence of opiuion would he found,
when all opinions have been compared. He,
therefore, moved to postpone the sunject to take
up the documents in relaiion to the consecration
ol Dr. Hawks, Bishop elect ot Miss.
Mr. MfcMNiiv?kR was tor having a vote on the
resolution ot Mr. Berrien to test the sense ot the
house. , . .
Mr. Collins of N. C., thought there was indis
cretion in introducing the resolution ut first, but
ihe debate convinced him to the contrary, and he
was now tor allowing the most extensive latitat e
to it. He, therefore, hoped no resolution would
pass having the effect of 'he''previous question
Mr. Macfakland although he believed in Hie
expediency of the resolution, and hoped it a com
plaint from any quarter was made that the house
desired to stifle debate, the gentleman from
Georgia would withdraw it.
Dr. Bkookb believed that the more full and ex
tended the debate, the more salutary the effect, he,
therefore, moved to lay the resolution and amend
ment on the table. . ,
Thus after some debate on the point of order as
well as its expediency, the motion to lie on the
table was adopted. .
The Rev. Mr. Moom of N. H , then moved to
postpone the resolution for the nurpose of taking
up the subject connected with the consecrution ot
the Rev. Dr. Hawks. ,. ..
Alter some conversation, as to this subject, Mr.
Macfarland ofVa. stated that Dr. Hawks, who had
but this morning received a copy ol charges against
him. was now absent from the house aud would
be prepared to-morrow with a full refutation ot all
'''Rev^Mr* Boyd of Miss., argued that this house
as a body, knew nothing of any charges against
Dr. Hawks. If the usual resolution to proceed to
the signing of his credentials should be imade, aud
then,if any membeisot this convent ion had cliarg s
affecting his character, would be the time lor pre
senting them. Until ?ucb course waB taken he de
precated any allusion to the existence ot charges
against him of any nature.
Rev. Mr. Moon*, at request, withdrew his mo
Rev Dr Uppoi.d then moved to postpone the
consideration ol the resolution to proceed to the
consideration of the canon an "Episcopal Resigna
tton," but withdrew it again, and the resolution ol
Dr. Hawks came up in older.
The Rev. Dr. Mason, of N. C? first referred to
the course which things had taken in this debate
to the various resolutions and amendments, to the
concocted speech of Dr. Empie, ot Va , which,
from the color of the naper and the thumbing ot
the leaves, Beemed to be three or lour years old,
and to the resolutions trom the asme gentleman,
amounting to a small pamphlet. After these resolu
tions hi?d been debated with the utmost latitude, it
ib now thought high time to put a stop to it, whew
the amendment ot Dr. Hawks waa before us.
Thishe was convinced was the very worst of th<
whole lrom us very obscuriiy-it had evidently
been hastily drawn, and with all deferenre he
would say it waa absurd, and would produce i
worse effect than the Oxford Tracta themselves
The gentleman trom Ohio had said division mus'
ensue in the church, if difficulties were not healed,
when the gentleman from Virginia was for opei.
agitation, if not, we were to be ranked with J?-ws
infidels, illuminati'and heretics. Agitation is eiihei
proper or improper. Agnation is proper when th<
mind is lelt unfettered; improper, if when w<
plough our ground and sow our s? ed we at the asm*
time sow weeds to disturb and choak its gtowtli
The gentleman argued that the proper enquiry wh
on the point of expediency?we have nothing ??
do with theological opinion, but whether we cai
ben* fit the ohurch at larte. He then 'i"*reid appt
a review of Dr. Hawks* Preamble and Rssolutio,
at langih, showing bow vagus they were in their
terms aud design, aud neat to (he warn uf disagree
ment among gentlemen themselves, as to what
ttiey wanted. The laat prupunuon tie considered
a pernicious firebrand, unintentionally, no doubi,
thrown among ua. He was opposed to actiou?it
once we began to legislate, there would be no end
to it?men's minda wonld be excited on a subject or
seemini; liupurtance but really trifling. Theie was
uot any great point of disagreement which would
be found when we all come to compare opinions
The Rev genilemun proceeded lully to state his
objection to action, anil especially in ihe way pio
poaed by Dr. Hawks. He referred to a lormer hc
tum of the f ouae of Bit-hops on May 14, 1814,
where any attempt to legialaie a matter ?f mere
opinion hud been discountenanced, and the Kev.
Mr. Trapier read extended extracts fiout tlie Jour
nal of that general convention to show the opinion
of the church, then on mooting such lseuea.
S. H. LkWis, Eaq , of Va., followed in exposition
of the sum* of tractariatusm and made trequent
allusion to the case of the Kev. Mr Cary otuered
some years since in New York, aud suppoatd to
hold tractarian interests. The whole doctrine 01
Dr. Pusey was reviewed, and the danger of con
tinued agitation to the church pointed out. Our
limits compel u* to do injustice to this gentleman's
remarks as well aa to those of the Kev. gentleman
who preceded him.
The debate for tlie day was continued by the
Rev. Dr. Highbee, Mr. Boyd, of Mian., aud Dr.
Tyny, when the House adjourned.
Personal Movements.
The Hon. John Davis delivered an address, and
a poem by Park Benjumin, Esq. was given before
the Mercantile Library Association, of Boston, on
Wednesday evening last.
The Hon. Thoa. F. Marshall is fairly in the held,
in Kentucky, for Polk and Dallas.
Professor Morse, the inventor of the magnetic
telegraph, which is now in successful operation
between Baltimore and Washington, has been in
Boston recently, and established an experimental
telegraph there.
The whigs of Saratoga have selected William
Wilcox, of Saratoga, and Edward Edwards, of
Corinth, as their candidates for the Assembly.
The Natkvillt Whig announces the death of the
venerable Robert C. Foster, sen. He died at
Mantfield, at the residence of his son, Hon. E. H.
Foster, on the 28th ult.
H|Died, on Monday, the 7th inst. at Stonington,
Conn , where she had goue tor the benefit oi her
lifcalih, Julia, wife of Cot J. W. Livinguton of
New York, and daughter or the late L.icui. <Jov.
John Broome.
At the late commencement of Transylvania Uni
versity, the honorary degree of D. D was coufti
red oil the Rev. James O. Andrew of Georgia.
It is said that Col Thompso >, chief of the Engl
neer Department, Washington, has been removed,
and Mr. Haswell appointed in his place.
The Hon. Amos Abbot of Andover has been no
minated as the whig candidate tor re-election to
Congress in the third District.
Rev. Mr. Goodwin, lormerly a Baptist clergy
man of Charlestown, has recently become a Ro
man Catholic priest.
There is no trutti in the rumor that ex-governor
Conway,of Arkansas, had fled with his negroes to
Texas: it is a whig Roorback.
Virgil Delphim Parris, Etq has been appointed
marshal of Maine, aud Beujamiu Kingsbury, Jr.
Etq , surveyor of the port of Portland, in place ol
John D. Kinsman, Esq., and B. Cushman, Esq , re
moved.
Charles B. Dutcher has been appointed Post
master at Speucertowu, in the place ol Ab. P
Holdndge, removed.
Origen Bachelor and Elder G. J. Adams began
their public discussion on the merits and demern*
of Mormonism, at the Marlboro' Chape I, Boston,
on Wednesday evening, to a lull bouse. The pa
pera say the speakers walked into each other like
a meat-axe.
Hon. Joseph Kelsey hu? been chosen representa
tive in the Guiltord uistrict.
Messrs. Spear and Davis are lecturing on capita!
punishment in Concord, N. H.
j Mr Bennitt:?
Sik? In your notice of an assault upon some ol
our citizens while crossing the Itrrv from New
Jersey on the nigbt of election, yuu state that 11
wanfeufposed to have been done by members of
the Empire Club. The men, J believe, arekuowi ;
they are not members ol t .e Empire Club. It ie
I but justice tliaiyou should make the proper correc
! tiou, and 1 sincerely tru-t you will do so.
Respectfully yours, I. R.
Cot'KT FOR T1IB CoKRKC l ION OK EkuoH*?A LBANY,
Oct. 10.?Mr. Birong submited and laid upon th?
tabic the following, a* a substitute for the lOUi run- ol ibis
Court" No appeal from a decree in Ibaiicei) shall I*
beard, until the Chancellor thai) have infotmt d the (Joint
ol the reaaona tor budeciee ; aud no writ oi error bruugnt
on a judgment of tba feupten.e Court ?hall be beaid, un'il
ihe Justices if that Cmu shall have assigned the lessons
lor their judgment"
No 16. ?A. McDuftte vi. l.ynham J. Beddor. Mr. Ira
Hairlswas heaid lor plaintiff in trior. Mr R II Well:
aud Mr. L>. Wright weie heaid lor defendant in error;
and Mr I. Harris in leply.
No. 17 ? Wm. 9 Hltcum and al. va M B. Hart, Hheritf,
fcc. Mr. George Wood was heard (or plaintiff hi erroi
Mr. Stevens wa* heard lor defendant in erior.
General Sessions.
Before Judge Ingrabam, and Aldermen Jackson and J
Williams.
M. C. Patkrson. Diatrict Attorney.
Fridst.?Trial for hiding the F.tcape of a Pritnntr ?
The trial of Kdward Fietnam and Joseph ( oinell, formi r
ly deputy keepers ol the city prison, under the iate clt>
government, on an indictment charging them with bar
ii g, on the I lib of April last, aided and abetted the escape
of William iioppy, alias Thellord, aitat Abrams, who
waa confined on a charge ol burglary, in having euteie*
the store ol the Messri. Rockwell, and stealing about
$28 000 worth ol jewelry, u affiles & wan continued,
r Korert H. Morris and Thoi. H. Warner, K.qrs , foi
tho delence.
John Asraw, one of the late deputy keepera of the city
prison, waa called, and stated that at half pait 11 o'clock
on the morning of the escape, Fiernain and Cornell lelt
the prison, and he remained in charge ol the corridor;
he saw Hoppy on the corridor when they left, and alter
wards they returned about a quaiter before sue o'clock,
and be then left the prison.
Thomas Wabnbr, Kaq , then summed up for defenc<
and tbsDitTEiCT At torn ar closed for prosecution Tin
jury were then charged by Judge Ingraham.
The Jury retired, and were absent about twent)
minutea, when they returned a verdict oi guilty agairitt
Fiernain, and acquitted Cornell.
??/#lault and Battery ? Thomaa Tice was tried for an as
sault and battery on John Frost. Convicted and fined t? n
dollars.
Selling Ijquor without License John Grld'ey watt tried
for selling liquor without iicenae at 898 West atreet. ill
litt Walker, of 20 Downing atreet, and a one armed man
named Kdward Marsh, appeared aa witnesses. and stats <1
that they bad seen liquor aold at the place, but the tinn
or the ownerablp they did not exactly know, (iridic)
defended himaeli, and called William Burns, who told
about the same story as the previoua witness The jury M -
tired, snd after an abaence of half an hour, returned a v? i
diet of not guilty.
Forfaited Hail ?The bail of Wm F. Bntler, George II
Lucaa, and TerrenceGordon,Isrgrand larceny, were for
leited F.dward Hamfnnnd for lottery policy insurance
Samuel Hopkins, Klizabeth Dixon, James M Harlan aiid
Henry Ryi>r, lor assaults and batteriea.
The court then adjourned till this morning at llo'oloclt
Marine Court.
Before Judge Smith.
Oct II.? Thomas Wel'tr and Frtde'ick Myre, vt. Fran
cis Cohan and Ckarlti Ckumhei Uiin.?This was an ac.tkli
of trover to recover compensation in const quence ol hi
alleged underselling of a piano Ii api>?aia that on tin
2t?t day of January last, tha plaintiff applied to defend
ant for the loan ol (40 offering liim said piano as ?e.
curlty, with which defendant agtsed to comply, rrcetvinv
at the asms time an obligation allowing him to diapose ol
aaid pl.no at the end ol two montha, should the amount
with inerastnotte made good Ihe money not beira
forthcoming on the day agieed on, defendant, who Is an
auctioneer, sold it for $A3 The price originally paid loi
the piano waa said to have been ? I on Heveial i-eraoi.
supposed to be competent Judges us such matters g.vs it
aa their opinion that it waa not worth above $A0 Vet
diet for delendarit. ,
Circuit Court.
Btfjrn Judge Kent.
Oct. II ?Mortimer Calkini va Kiaitut tVhiaton ?Thl
was an action of alander. Both i arties sie cattle dealen
riaintiff in 184J aold the defendant a pair of ateera lor $fin
The latter refused to nay lur thtm, albging that plaint.lt
owed him an old debt. Ihe alleged slauder wss, in
asaeniou on the part of defendant, to the ? fleet, th>
" plaintiff waa uot good ; aud If h> waa, I would sue him
Plaintiff alleged that these word* tended to Injurs In
credit. Verdict lor detindant
Common Picas.
Oct. II.?IftOsm va. Aipknusn, ti ah The jui
will ten er a ?? aie.l verdict in lUia case reported in)<
t< rilav's HeralA thli tnr.h?A?
Superior Court.
' Bart I ell vs AT V Ho ? rry Iniurance Com pur
~ I his caasrepottsd In yeaterila>'< Herald waa resnm<
Tbs joiy will render a tesled verdict this forenoon.
. __ ?Wt Calendar?T bis Day.
?? e^?rC,u,w"N#* T*' 4,1 #1, M>
Agricultural Convention ? A.inert) an Initl*
tut*.
The Silk Convention having met at nine o'clock,
yesterday morning, transacted wme business and
closed its annual session, the house was resolved
Into an Agricultural Couv-ntion, all those who at*
tended the simogs of the first body remaining aa
members ot the second.
Mi. Mztos made a few introductory remarks
relative to the fir?t formation and objects of the
body. Mr. Bakbkk was sailed to the chair, and
Mr. Dwionr to act as Secretary fro trm , and a
Committee of three namrd whose business it
should be to organise the body by the nomination
of officers to act during its aession The follow log
ate the name!* of those recommended by the Com
mittee in their report i?
P tridmt? Ornbbsl Tilimipch, of N?nfork.
l\ * Hittidtnlt Masars Birbcr, Pi;rce, Dwight, Van.
Winkle. L lUi diicu, and Bennett.
,5ftttmriti?H Meigs ?n<l Theodore Dwight.
/juntiett C?ai?ii/fe<> ?Vleiars. darks, Curnining. Rev.
Mr. Barlow, auu unuther whose name wan not aaccrtained
by our reporter.
The President took the chair, and acknow
ledged the honor done him in nominating him to
that office?au honor which he Mi the more ihat
it came fiom practical men, who, like hinuelf,
were sincere frientls of. and identified with, the
cause of agriculture. He felt that justice had not
been done to the agricultural interest of this coun
try, and it was high time for them to look to them
selves, as they certainly had in their hands the
power of doing so? ol assorting their indepen
dence; and until they were bona /idt independent
of other nations la all that npp< itained to demhnd
andsupply,their boasted libeit>,was abound rather
than a substance It was nothing thort of a high
moral duty for the farming classes who composed
the great bulk of the population, do wake up to
view the telatioris between this and other countries,
and to resolve to have nothing to to with those
foreigu countries who were not disposed to act on
the principles of reciprocity?to take no commodity
from those who were too selfish to take iu exchange
anything but gold. They had heard of free trade,
but he regarded it ns a delusion, as a bubble that
would burst; the notion of tree trwde was asgreai an
imposture us that of tree pasturing and the aboli
tion of fences from the lace oi the Isnd. Free
trade never did, nor never could exist, and the
practical conclusion to come to was?that nationa
who took American CHinmodiiies on the broad
principle of a mutuality of trade, they would deal
Willi; tiul no curtly tiivy would mil be dictated to
by those who, although wanting the wheal and
Hour of this country would let it rot in the granft
I ries rather than take it on fair terms. The Ame
rican Institute bud called that meeting of the agri
culturists generally, not altogether of its own
choice, but at the suggestion of many active and
intelligent It lends of the cause, who were desirous
to see the result of a consultation as to what steps
should be taken in refereuce to the promotion of
the general interests of the agriculturists of this
country. The speaker continued to speak at great
length on the doctrine of prices, the wages of la
bor, the profits ? f capital, the interchange of com
modities, the sources oi profit, and political econo
my generally. The argument was very long, and
not a little tinctured with those partisan notions
with which one of the great contending parties
tickles the fancy of the friends of " protection"
and those who believe in the omnipotence ot a
tariff to make a commonwealth poweriul and
areat, and every mau in it rich and prosperous.
Foreign couutues were very severely handled, but
England regarded as a fit example tor the United
states, in her exclusive international policy.
Mr Mkios made some seusiblfc observations rs
levnut to seme matters alluded to in the previous
speakers address, when the house adjourned.
At half-past seven o'clock iu the evening, the
Convention again met, when a valuable address
wits delivered before them by Dr. Gardiner, on the
application of Science to Agncultuie. Muny co
gent arguments?nd apposite illustrations were ad
vanced by the r|ienHer in support ol his views ; and
there was < general commotion apparent ihiough
out the meeting Hint the proofs drawn lr?ro his
knowledge ot chemistry, the composition ot soils,
their hdapt.itioii to the several crops, and all thn
mollifications produced by climate and locality?
conclusively showed science lo be the most power
ful handmaid of agriculture.
In the evening there was a moat dazzling display
ot the Drummond L'ght on the Fair ground J be
effect ot the powerful sireain ot lignt upon such a
diversity of objects waa admirable.
Slight error in names having crept into the no
tice of yesterday's proceedings, the present seems
to be the most suitable place to give insertion to
the subjoined liner- in explanation. The writer is
one ot the most efficient, able and warm friends ot
the cause that can be u.imed, and it is at least fair
liiat he should retain his own name, lor certainly
no Mr. Pratt of our acquaintance is entitled to so
much respect as a frienu to thefarmeras Mr. Meigs,
nor can there be any better entitled to be made the
channel of the rnumficeut donation in quesiion.
Nsw Yoss, Oct. 10, 1S44.
Jams* Gordon Bknkstt, E*<t
DltS si*,
Iu the Herald of thi* morning, it ii stated that st the
Silk (Convention, a Mr Trstt delivered ills iplsridid dona
tion ol Seustor Van Schaick to the American Inttilnis.
The Senator hud coi fi led Hint nobis contribution to my
care, and I had the proud satisfaction ol delivsilng il with
soma remark*. Tliere was no person by the nam* ot
Pmtt in the convention.
A* you wiah for the truth, I have given you this rer
rectiunoi a mistake. I am, your obtll servant,
H MfciOS
DKKAPPtrr. Kspi.osiom ?On Monday, the 7th inst.
about one o'clock, one ol the boilers in the exten
sive rolling mill of Messrs Lorenitsnd ru. dy, in Biigo.
opposite i'HUhutg, Pa., buiat with S trrniensoua ea|!lo
sion. The Pittsburg thionicle, say a The concusMon
was io great sa to lift the tour boilers off th? er gins,
(includin* the one which hsd ita head blown out) Horn
wlitre they were located, to the tool of the building, and
then, whirling there once or twice round, sent tin m a
distance of over thirty feet, scaitning bricks, rubbish
and dirt, to a great diatam-e. t he engineer, Joseph Da
vil, besides being badly tculded, hsd his hesd hruiatd br
the bricks snd other lubbirh which were scattered in all
directions ol ths ixtenaive building. 'Ihe doctors say
that he cannot live many hour*. Jacob Fordtn. the fire
man. hsd bia hesd cut. beside* being bsdiy scolded ; it is
feared that he also will die. Joieph Bobmen, a laborer in
the mill, waa scalded. but not us severely aa the othar
two ; he hsdaiao both rums and his collar bona broken,
and one eya severely cut by a brick. Several peiaons
who were about the mill, or in thu neighborhood ot it,
were struck with pieces of brick*, which flrw in evtry
direction?but no one, we believe, was sevi rely injured.
The cause of the aociJsot hss bean attributed to the cars,
tesanesa of the engmter, in allowing the water to
too low in the boiler ; but heretofore he lias unifornly
hem regarded ss very attentive to his business, and be
assures hi* friend* tbat tkrre wsa pleniy of water in the
boiler* at the ti i e of the fX?)orinn. It wra a vrry for
tunate ciicumsttncs that the hsnda, with the nopilon
ol thos* earned shove, bsd all gone to their dinners, or
the loss ot life would have been tremendous, na some Ml
or 00 handa are constantly smploytd in the mill They,
In consequence of this accident will ail necessarily be
out of employment until the boilers are sgain nplaced,
which will be in about two wetk*.
IT From St. Dominoo.?By 'he Wm. Neilson, from
Port au Prince, we have leceived the following in
formation:?
The government continue* tranquil?confidence and
aecuri'y in mercantile tiansactiuna are daily gaining
ground A reception I* to be given to the President en
In* return to the capital Irem hi* nor, hero tour.
American produce was sbundsnt iu the market. Abeat
VNH) barrel* of flocr w * *tored The W. N pasaed four
American vessels going in. principally laden with Hoar.
It is very healthy throughout the island, more so lbs*
for a number of years peat. Tho crew* of sll the vessels
in the harbor enjoyed good health.
Stkavsoat Accidunt ? The nt. Louts Republi
can of ihr 1st mat states that ths steamer Potosi
collapsed a flue on the previous Friday, whits backing
out Irom <he binding at Qutncy. by which accident t?o
persons tort ths lr livea. Mr Perrin, of lows, a cabin
piMenger, was blown among some horse* that wets fast,
ened on Ihe forecastle, which, King lilghtrned by tha
rsimrt, tran pled upon him. an-: front 'h? injnrira recM be
?lied the nea. dav Phillip* Miller a deck hand, is ?rip.
posed to have Jumped or been blown overboard and
drott ned Mr. P? rrln is satd to have been ths third brother
that has lost his iif.- by steamboat srrlJent*.
Thrkk Man l)*ow!*itD ?Capt. John Joiner, W.
H. Wingate and Richard Drummond were drowned
in the Bay ot Mobile on the Jath uliicno, by the (warnping
I of a sailboat.
Appointmkmt* hv ink PaksinKnT ? Vt-spasiaO
F.lli* of Mn-cuti tone < h*rge d'A ffairi * of the United
? -atra to the Republic of Venezuela, in the placeef Allan
A Hall
Ptt'KET H*VKE?Racoed Lin*?1 he ship
JSi^ ON I'^llA. Jsmes htiutk, masur, will *.|| ot. ths 1st
2U||JJLj Notremlter.
I^nmilht or i>nssateapply to
' BOVDa HINCKF.M.
(J| i *lo. S Totitine Rnililiiis. e?r Wall and Warerai*
-Jew lime of tivf.pTpool PAcktf'ra?
JHHPfc, ?.Pat Iter of 3tl?t Oct' b-'?The splsiMiid fast Mllins
ylMKBi-arlii" ,||||> hOt ti l.S'l't H, t *| i Br tlon. f 100b lose
iu v..) vttll sail p sitnety a, abote. h?i twstilat day
Tli? irc<immodation*of thisfii.* pirk?t ibin.fnr ratrtn.td cabm
and slreran pMsenteT*. csnnot bs sut|>a*B,d. To sscun baths
tsrty apvliaaiieo shoald aa made on board, foot "f Burling Wtp,
ar to W k J. T. TAI'St O i l.
ollra Houih at, sor. Msidea Lsas, as siaus