. _g#%a at New-Orleans after that
wgﬁ:ka fofne dther fit place would”
be provided in i f e,
.. While the war existed the necessi
ties of the Spanish colonies compelled
a relaxation of their very rigid coloni
al laws—for they do not admit *any
nation whatever to trade with their
colonies in peace—The period had
expired to which our privilege of ‘de.
posit was limited, about the period at
‘which the present administration came
~into officers and the usual system of
colonial law was generally received.
. In the Spanish colonies a fyfem of
government prevails different from
all the rest of the world. Their gov
ernors have no controul over matters
of trade, their fun&ions are wholly of
a political, juridical, or legislative cha
racter. But all the authority for re
- gulating and controlling trade, is vest
ed in an officer wholly independent
* of the governor. This officer is call
ed the istendant. - ‘
The Spanith intendant at New-Or
leans conltruing- the general procla--
mation concerning trade, as exclud
~ ing-wr, like all other nations, from j
commercial intercourse, and finding
the period of our pfivilege of deposit
expired, and that his court, which had
alone the power of fixing another
* place, had not done so—took upon
-~ him how to execute in the ‘molt rigid
' manner the general reftriCtive princi
ple, and to deprive us of that place
without' afother being provided for
the deposit of our produce. "
- This is the fair state of the business,
as it refpe&s the Spaniards. As itre
fpedls us, the injury is a very serious
one, but our executive had informa
tion of the tranfattion and had taken
the most a&ive and decisive measures
to procure redress and .right, before
the fubje& had been taken up by those
who always ‘make a neife without re
gard to the merit of the case, addi
tional instructions and negociations on
~the subject of the Miflifippi had long
~ before commenced. Dispatches were
sent to our ambassador at Madrid,
~and to the court of Spain by the Span
ith ambassador. Mr. Monroe is also
{ent ambaflador to Paris, with a view
to arrangements with the French go
vernment of great importance in eve
ry view to the western country. |
Mr. Monroe is already well known, -
and no maun is better qualified by ac
“tual knowledge of the weltern coun
try to be entrusted with important ne
gociation. When he was embafla
dor in I'rance before, he very pointed
ly intimated to our government the
negociations which were then carrying
“on between France 'and Spain for the
receflion es Louisiana to the former ;
and I am informed from very good
private authority, that had bis ad
vice been taken at that period, we
might have had not only New Or-.
leans, but the whole of the Mifliffippi
on both sides in our poflefion.
At prefefit 1t appears more than
probable that the French will obtain
Louifisna, and perhaps fettle a large
colony there. This has been made a
fubje& of great glarm, and attempis
‘have been' made by combining this
projeét with the conduét of the Span
ith iatendant, to produce a war, with
whom the proposers neither knew npr
~ cared :~—it was not right they wished
to obtain, por wrong to redress, but
- a war, by which the country might
~ be involved in trouble, and they
might expeé to obtain jobs or {cram- '
:I:gint:?ﬁée. The advjocates' of war,
‘however, have shewn how little ‘they
know of the weltern people, for they
‘afferted that we were ready to violate
our duty to the federal government
' «-that we were diffatisfied, and that
-the French when they should fettle in
Louisiana would find in the western
-states numerous persons ready to join
- them and to separate from the union !
~ Such aspersions were not fuffered
" to pass un-repelled; and the authors of
these calumnies were told what every
-~ weltern man knows to be true,. that
the charader of a free American cit
zen, who chufes his own legislature
and lives uncontroled but by the laws
which they make, is too precious to
. Oy power on earthn,! €. o 0 T
" <Chatever tmay be the iffu'of the
negociation, Ido ot fee the lealt rea.
son to apprehend (gL I dpjucy
from the colonifation-of Louisiana ;
‘ outpofm%an is' too far advanced.
-~ ‘ever to admit of their. being danger. -
- ous neighbors; and as a friendly, so.
ther great advantages to our fide of
@ iits,The only-evil that we ¢an
. apprehend is from the jealousy which
wmbeﬁ?hmmtdwbr the
- of our T
dor YoM RAT syt i D A R S
" ourselves, in the Atlantic flatess -
~ltis not necessary for me to inform
~ you that Obio_has been added to our .
M%‘*f@
court: it was the issuing 2 writ of man.
ikt the secretary of Rate for the
Ay f*:f *gf; fi;f{@‘f ::ﬂ', f »ﬁ&
AR Le by Tohme Ad.
;E?_. ufj bSO $ . J;,gna,.m@k% ;
S e e
ed a few 'days since that it has not ju
risdiction in the case.
'- lam with refped, Wt e
. Your faithful servant, -
. JOHN FOWLERs
% ; oy 39 n
[Mepbemf ng’n‘gu(a} from Kﬁg&\@lﬁ:}] %
: X o o o Bt WE
P & 'go‘q- the.Auvora.
Tue inconlilftency of the tordes with re
fpe& to vames or party sppellations is truly
-remarkable—at one period the whale vir.
tue and talents rested with thofle called fede
ralyfis—not 10 be s federalifi was trom nes
cellity to be a republican or a jacobin, these
_diftin&tions were the only ones at the dém
mencement and (hroughout the admioniftra
tion of Mr. Adams—'iwas f deral this and
JSederal thay, and all who ventured to think
for themselves and to believe thar it was '
‘poflible to be 4 good citizon withour having
Jfederal added 10 their names were denounce
ed as fans culottes, d;(&r;gam’:en and repub
licans. Sioce theo thole who were formes
ly so tenacious of the nathe' of Sederalift
have been as anxious 10 rid themlelves of
the title, now we leldom or never find the
ci-devant federalifts applying that appellas
tion o their pa:ty, ’is like their exploded
tales, it has [erved their purpose and it is ne:
longer expetted to deccive. Inflead of fede
raliff we now hear nothing but repuflican;
the very mention of which thice years ago
would shock federal feclings ; some, who
before declared it was a mere phantom, a
‘word that bad no meaning, and which ¢ oo
geod man would assume,” are now as {oli
‘cisos 10 monopolize it as they at firft were
' that of federalifi—by and bve, the appella
- tian democrat, ashorrible pow as republican
- was hefore, will be assumed, and those who
- were ‘really torics, with those who from va.
- rious causes tached themselves ta themn and
thus formed ihe party, will then. have de
prived the real fricnds 10 the independence:
of the unioa of all their names—but should
this be the case, there woald yet remain
fufficient evidence 10 shew. who were the.
rightful owners. It most undoubredly strike
all, who have witnefl¢d the vasious changes
among men, mealures and names, 2s incon
biftent and childith that the pamc of federal
ift thould be so suddenly dropt. It federal.
iff was an komorable name, why this anxiery
to allume another ? Does any kind of prine
ciple gchr"ri"’ihZ:"\ap'poncms of the present
sdminiftrafion 7 If there does, 2 name. is of
no counlcquence. Bot as there does not, we
fee the value that is (et upon one, {o many
anti-republican mea‘ures were proposed and
adopted under the pame of Sederalifm, that
the authors perceive ihe neceflity of chang:
‘log that name to {omething lels despicable
ta public eflimation.
In great national concerns no man’s
conduét thould be doubtful ; whoever
does not take one of. two sides in im
portant quefltions is either ‘a felf-inter
elted coward, or a designing knave—
an: independant man must detef a
trimmer, he is neither good for God
or man, and if ke knew but all is con
stantly fufpe&ed by both parties. In
the revolution to be of 70 party was
nearly as bad in the eyes of the awhigs
as to be a tory,*and ‘it ouglt to be
worse—a man who favs he is of 2
party makes one ever on the look out
to dete@ him, he goes here and talks
peace and good will, then in a corner
acknowledges this measure is right but
“ I must be mum’’—there are several
of these beings in our ¢ mind’s eye’ for
whose condué in this refpe@t we en
tertain the most sovereign contempt
—there must be a rigét and 2 wrong
fide, mult not he be depraved who
will not take the one he thinks right ;
if he does not judge he sets himfelf
down as an ideot, 1t he judges wrong
ly he will not be detelted for a mere
difference of opinion, on the contrary
an ‘open avowal {peaks in every
man’s Favers Y o o s .
The attempts of Ross and Co. in
Congress, seconded by their federal
partizans throughout the country, to
involve us in a war, for the fuke of
embarrafling the administration & de
ranging the Republican {yltem of zcon
omy, and reduction of the national debt,
have fortunately been defeated, and
will ensure to the federal or war party
the lasting execration of the friends of
humanity and peace. . The sober part
of those who have been deluded into
a support of Federalifin, through a’
misunderstanding of its real obje@,
will surely join their Republican breth
ren in praying for success to the pa
cific measures of our government.
- All political- parties, .in their zeal
ta-effo--their favorite purposes, “are
apt sometimes to employ. means not
altogether jultifiable. But it is an
undeniable:truth that no party, in any
age or- nation, ever. before made so
much vfe of falfehood as the Federal
partyy ini their opposition to the Re: -
publican administration. Before eve
ry important eledion in particular,
fom%ue,'ﬁ or Fub Plot, or Ocean
maflacre, or Illuminati Conspiracy, or
Forced Loanyor French. Flcét in the
Chesapeake, or Negro Infurre&ion,
or Foreign Invasion, or War or Ru
mour of War, or some other popular
tale is put into.extenfive circulation.
After elrawn ittorns out to be an -
le@tioneering piece of Federalism, and "
I apologized for as a S Sy
did Federalists are obliged to admit -
the justness of this observation, which .
has became so proverbial forits truth,
that, to fay any Rory, or ay charae
explanation, is underftqud. to' gonvey
Bet sE iR badd .Te T g
'&"’w;’l‘h«»a"*%"*”“
AT go A A e RRR R P T R e o
Late FOREIGN ARTICLES,
By several arrivals at New-York & Bojton,
N ‘ LONDON, JAN. 27.
GEN., Lannes, envoy extraordinary
anifbégi&cr plc?owmm to the
prifée regent of Portugal, was, on
Sunday, presented to the firft consul,
by the'minifter for fb.__reignaféix,s. “At
this audience he took leave of the firft
consul, previous to his return to his
station at the Portuguese court:
~ The firlt confitl recommended to
him, to do justice to the French trade
at Lisbon, as he had begun to do in
the firlt year of his mission, He par
ticularly fignified that he was fatisfied
with General Lannes’ services in that
{tation, up to the present hour.
Late last night we received Paris
Journals of the 31f ult. inclusive.—
According to letters from Constanti
nople, a dreadful fire had broke out
there on the evening of the 7th of De
~cember, und which raged with uare.
mitting fury until sext morning. The
damage occasioned thereby was of
course extvemely great. The plagne
{till continues to desolate that city g
the progress of which is extended by
the mildness 'of the weather.
On the 2g9th December, the remains
of Pope Pius VI. were conveyed from
Vaticar to Civita Vecchai, where they
were taken on board the Alcyon fri
.Fate, in order to be deposited at Va
jence,in France. This traufportation
'of the holy viscera, was conduéted
“with na less devotion than magnifi
cence, and arrived at Civita Vecchia
at midnight. Next day the urn, con
~ taining his sacred deposit, was consign
ed to the commander of the French
- fiigate, under a difchurge of ariillery,
i v?no only waited for a fair wind to
- chnvey him to Toulon, from thence
_the urn will be taken to-Valence, and
q:poﬁted* in a rich mausoleum.
] i . JANUARY 20.
- |Aceording to letters from the Hague, -
~ the negociations between the Batavian
jovernment and the Prince of Orange
- i;lwe been ‘breught “to a' conclusion.
is highness is'to receive the indem.
nities stipulated for him, partly in
noney,-and partly in a number of
{lares in the public funds. :
\ The Britannia, Brown, of Liver
“ pool, from Demerara, with 200 of the
x?fh Weft-India regiment on board,
was wrecked on the 23d of December
on Hog John Point—all the lives were
loft, with ship and cargo.
Ao A . FEBRUARY I.
"The general conflitution of Switzer
land'will be discussed by the confulta ;.
_there is reason .to believe that it will
be. adopted.—This adoption will be
the last a& of the members.of the con
fulta, who will then return to their
homes, as their mission will be termi
nated. \
, FEBRUARY 3.
It is fiid the Fremch ambassador,
General Andreoffi, through agents in
the city, has contradted with British
merchants for a large quantity ‘of
shipping to convey French troops and
fores to St. Dominge. ... il
| R FEBRUARY 4.
- Tho’ it was not expefted that any.
important business would be brought
before Parliament, on the 1t day af
ter the adjourninent, it will be seen
that notice was-yesterday given of an
intention, on the part of ministers, to
move for the continuance of the res
triction on bank payments. The mo
tion will be made as early as Monday
next. On that day, no doubt, some
of thie general reasons for this measure
will be stated to the house, and 2 com
mittee will probably be moved for,
before whom the accounts of the bank,
and other documents will be laid, to
furnith the evidence for its particular
neceflity and propriety. = If it were
only that this proceeding so much
contradi&@s the general expe&ation, it
is'a matter of the highest importance,
and deserves tc be received | with all
the deliberation due to an entirely new
propofition—Tho’ in point of form,
it be one, and must be juftified by new
‘reafons ; for the chic'fl circamftance,
under ; which the old measure was
proposed, no longer exists, and, with.
the difcantigtiance of the war, the
‘public have naturally looked for the
ceflation of ‘all the cxpedicnr, arising
i geécrxg its necessities, difficulties, or po--
o o ST PR R e
The king of Prussia, and the Ele®or
‘Palatine have fettled by a particular
treaty, their exchanges of territory in
Hrdicanln, oo e
-+ It is stated in an article from Ratif
.'bony that the Fuﬂ'Cbnful.zfa:}:ihe fake
of the commercial interest of Germa--
_nyy has protedted the cities of Nurem
berg and Aeﬁz‘ag :ﬁaﬁnﬁ the de
‘mand of the Eleftor Palatine, fupport
~ed by Aufttia and Prussia.
.+ The fitwation of France at this mo
_naparte would be Emperor if he could
fafely. He has a sovereign contempt
ttemmsw he fears the atmy
St s i%ﬁi‘”“‘m
JEIS I naviiilic, il ot he e
Ay brought to fabit to bis projeds.
et ane e p SRR e L e |
sg M Coe Tl ot SR LGRS
the popular generals from the court
and councils of Bonaparte, is not like-
Iy to procure a cordial attachment to
his government. s
: . FEPRUARY §.
After a week’s in’te‘rﬂip;ion we have
received Paris papers of the 18th ult.
~which were detained only by the se
vere weather ; but they do not con
tain much intelligence.
They mention one circumstance not
a little curious, and which will, pro
bably excite no little. degree of con
‘jeCture among politicians, as to the
consequence which may ultimately re
sult ‘from it. . General Lannefs (or
Lafnes) the French ambaflador, who
quitted the court of Lisbon, some
months ago in high dudgeon, has a
gain been appointed French minister
to that court ! . 1
A letter from Naples, dated De
cember 2, publithed in the Moniteur,
mentions the receipt there of letters
from Algiers, dated Jan. 5, stating,
- that- that Regency has declared far
against Denmark. It had given/or
ders to the Danish consul to embark
inthree days and even threatened to
‘treat him with the ntmolt feverity,—
Citizen Dubois Thainville, charge
d’affairs of the republie, having re
ceived special orders from the firft
consul, to prote@ all friendly powers
againit the injultice and violence of
pirates, made known to the Dey, that
the First Consul had with pain heard
of this irregular condu@ against a
- power which had given no cause of
‘complaint, and which on the contrary,
lLiad lately paid to him a very con
siderable subsidy. = This meditation of
France seemed to give great difplea
fute to-the Dey, who even threatened
to fend off the French agent with that
of Denmark. Matters, however,feem
to Mave been accommodated. The
Danith agent has remained ; and it
1s believed the regency will not de
clate war against Denmark. _
" In consequence of the intelligence
of the death of Gen#L.eclerc, and the
fuccours of which the army stands in
fieed, the minister of war has called
for volunteers in the different corps.
Near 60,000 veterans-have inscribed
themselves. ' *. ‘
‘The firk consul has ordered the
minilter of war to teftify his fatisfac
tion to those brave men, to announce
to them that 15,000 men béing about
to take their departure, new fuccours
are not at present neceflary, and to
inform them that he fees, with the
greatest fatisfaction, that love of glory
and danger which manifefts the ener
gy of Frenchmen, and which is a sure
~guarantee of the prosperity of the
great people.— Moniteur, :
; _ FEBRUARY. 7.
A letter from Vienna, fated 13th
Jan. containsthe following paragraph:
‘ It appears certain that the Englith
have no tho’ts of evacuatring Egypt.
The brothers Behman, of Frankfort,
have jult sent considerable sums to
Mr. Arthur Paget, the Englith minis
ter here, who has furthered them to
Constantinople, to be employed in
paying the English army in Egypt.”
Lerers from Malia, of a recent date, an
nounce as follows e
¢ The Britith commanding officer of the
garrison has caused an injaolion to be pub.
lifhed by found of trompet, in virtue of
which, all Freachmen attached to the order
of Jernfalem are obliged to lay down the
insignia of {uch order, under pain of confif
cation of property ; in consequence of which
fourtcen French knights gave up their
crosses, and the uniform of the order.
' ¢ The Neapolitan troops, 2000 strong,
_are in the barracks, out of town, when they
enter, they appear without fide-arms. Itis
not known when the English propose to
evacuate the island, but it appears the period
is as yct remote.” . v :
The French official. Rile has been cheoged
within the last few days; the'alls of govern
meot used to commence thus—¢ The ¢on.
fuls of the republic decree,” &c, It is
now, *‘The government of the republic
décree,” &ec. .. o W
We hear from Petersburg, under date of
December 28, that his lmperial Majesty has
granted an apnual income of 140,000 rubles
to the academy. of arrs. R
- Col. Sebaftiani is arrived in Paris, and in
.a long report 10 the firft eonful slates the
result, and enters into the details of his mis:
fion to Egypt, Syria,.and to the liles of the
ROl IO i gy N R e
e R e e B
The Moniteur of the ssth contains 2n of
ficial paragraph, which, 1o those who know
the fall, will excite considerable, '(y%:_;fe.
It is a Matement that on ‘vheﬂfﬁti‘?t'b Le
Clerc’s death and the necessity of reinforce
menis, no less than sixty thouland veterans
‘volunteered to go to St. Domingo. These
“brave v’ét‘grauj-‘a?s"tiwagi were quit for the
thanks of the government, s it seems 15,000
men haye alrcady failed. The veterans.ap
pear o have been much less alarmed at the
news from St. Domingo than the canferipis,
~who, by the accountsin the Moniteur a few
days -ivmﬂnm Do small aversion 1o
A lenter from Vienna centains 3 flatement
the Autic council of war. The defe of
shat abford ioftiion have long becn it
and defiving t 6 have the wholk. of. he. pay.
gm@a%&%wg il o
o §' Boc 0 é:wﬁ;mﬁ %’* efofe thet, e
L %f@**wwé* i 728 ~*e"fm%.nw*g =
TS A M BE R 2 SRR L e X
remaining o per cent. to the last piymen:
in,Ap’fn'l”ne!t'." ’v (i . E
Citizen B:iff, ex deputy of the conncid of
five hundred, is appointed commiflary gene
ral ot the Isle of Elba. %
The emperor of Ruflia has given arders
for equipping two veflels to fail in a few
weeks on a voyage of dilcovery. The ol
je& of this voyage is particulasly to make
discoveries on the northern coast of Asia and
America. ; o
Admiral De Winter is to go to Liflion
after a short flay at Toulon sbout the begin.
ofig of February, there to finith his craife
and 10 return home, he observes that the
coafls of Italy aré entirely abandoned by the
Barbary pirates. -The Batavian flag has
been highly diflinguithed in the Archipela-
Ro. . vy '
The receipt of customs at the port of Hall
last year, amounted to pear four hundred”
thousands pounds,
The emperor of Russia is equipping two
veflels at Cronfßadt, for the purpose of mak
ing a voyage of discovery round the world.
They are to endeavour particularly to pepe
trate as far as pofiible in the north of Asa
and America. .
“The clefor of Bavariz has published an
&dis in his new slates, by which the merm.
‘bers of thé Catholic, Lutheran, sod Re.
forared religions are 10 enjoy %0 equality of
rights with refpe@ 1o the exercise of their
~wofhip, without any diftin&tion whatever,
. .Lhe French funds, on the 3d, were a 5
high 25 59 40 ; oo the 4th they fell 1o 58
60, - -—-—-—4—s—-
St.CrLoup, Jan. en,
. - The government of the republic having
-considered a repors by the mimfler for inrer.
nal aifzirs, ordains as follows :—-
Ar. 1. ln the port of Rouen, tHere fhal}
‘be a flaple for the réception and sale of all’
goods and commodities from the cdldniesy
or elsewhere, which are not prohibited by’
law, .
11, The town of Rouen shall provids
suitable public /beildings for a fapie. A
plan for the ground and buildings shall b,
presented to the government, That plan if’
approved, will receive the {an&ion of 2 {pe<
ctal order from the government. Bt
_ IM. The flaple at Rotien shall Bé com.”
fidered in law, as a part of Havre. Ships”
freighted for Rouen, thall therefore firft pre.
feot at Havre exa& acéounts of the quanti
ties and qualities of the goods whicl\ they
are to deliver at Rouen. The chief officer
of rhe culloms at Havre, thall, upon receiy
-168 {uch account, formally record and aw.
thenticate the declaration conveying it.
The officers of the coltoms at Havre,
when there are no suspicions of smuggling
shall be at liberty to exempt any vefle] from
the nezeffity of entering the port of Havre.
Ships arriving at Rouen fromt Havre fhiat}
prefentrhe account authenticared by the prin.’
cipal cfficer of the customs at Havre, to the
custom house cfficersat Rauven, when these
come on board the said {fiips in the river.
If the goods are nor exaftly tuch in quaniity
and guality as the authenticared declaration
delcribes them, the owners shall be beld
guilty of an a& of fraud. The cargo shall
be infpeled at its entrance into the faple of
Rouen,- and if its value be neisher greater
or lefler than it is slated in the deciarative
2&, this shall be taken a 5 a proof of the
fravd. : :
IV. The weight and gualities of all car.
goes of goads re-exported from Rouen shall
.be fpecified in 3 manifello from the direc
tor of the cufloms et Roven. That mani
fefto shall be transmitted to the chief offi.
ceis of (be culloms at Havre, At Havre
the cargo fhail be infpefied in comparison
with the Manifefto. ~ 1t the goods be either
greater or lels in value than is there exprel
fed ; this shall, also be regarded as an aét of
fraud, U
V. Tbc;niniﬁe,r of the treafory, 2nd the
minister for internal affairs, are dire@ed to
put rthis dccree in execution, and to add it
to the register of the laws. . . .
‘The firft conful,(Signed) BONAPARTE.
The Secretary of state, H: B. MARET.
Touren, Jax. ey.
- The sister of the firk consul completed
her quarantine yesterday evening, the is ic
coniolable for the loss she bas fullained ; her
health seems much impaired. She has
brought back with. ber her only son, who
has not quite attained bis fifib year, She
“will set out for Paris in 2 few days, accom
panied by general Laurifton, whom the firt
consul hss sent to escort her.
BY THE LAST: MAILS.
e O e e
PHILADELPHIA, MARCH go.
FROM NEW.ORLEANS—mARCH 6.
“General VicTOR has not yet made hig
‘appearance bere ; but a letter has been re
ceived by our Governor announcing his ap.
proaching arrival, The event is now the
general obje& of anxiery ; for the Spanifl
government, in consequence of the retrocel
fion, and impatient 10 withdraw from a
“feene where their dominfon isexpiring. have
funk ipto 3 slate of dege&ion and lassitude.
"Pablic business is almost eatirely fulpended,
‘apd po commercial objefls can be effefed,
:Our appreheniions concerning the French
‘are ceriainly great ; but if we are left much
longer.in our prelent epicenc slate, we fhall'
e csiiels ki R
%4 bhave this day seen an official extra@
from the arrete of the Confals, providing
for the government of this colony. It fays
nothing more than merely defibing the re
- {pe&ive 2uthorities of the thiee different de
j?mm"cmt.; which are Caprain General, Pre
set Calonial, and Commffaiic de Justice,
or Chics Judge —The paper was confi
denrly shewn to me, or I should have taken
‘2 copy for you. - I'n my next I hape to be
able to communicate it
o Naw-Yoag, Arrit 5
Yeflerday sfiernoon, sbout 4 ‘o'clock,
fomeof the ¢onvills in the State-Prison
made 4o antempy to elcape. The beter 18
‘enable shem lo’ accomplih sheir parpofe
they {et fire o & part‘of the building ; bus
EiE s :*:i‘. haricd %ﬁ% g EI
il e o b iy pouly
s WW’”%‘W”% 855 Enoe
B o e el et