T H
pu.-ir-.vNO.
5190.
AFFAIRS IN THE OLD WORLD.
Important French and Russian
Documents.
OUR FOREIGN DESPATCHES,
&Ci? Ac,, Ac,
Our English Correspondence.
London, August 4,1S48 .
The Stale of Ireland?Sardinia?Italy?Condition of
Europe?The English and Scotch Chartists.
Tbe long thrtatened r< bullion in Ireland has at
length commenced, and whatever may be the issue of
the event at the present moment, it will give birth to
circumstances which will, at no remote day, secure
the liberation of that unhappy land from the gripe of
of its oppressors. Coercion as a general rule of action*
can never govern a people; and the vaunted boast of
the Engl eh prees, that the sword must be the only
In Ip^l. nil la nc fall a air. lis a a If la l.aufal
i'he oentiinent ef the picss thue uttered, is that o
nine-tenths of the upper and middle classes in Eng"
land; and isolated opinions, even if moderately expressed
to the contrary, are treated as emanations
from revolutionary propagandists. The restraint that
thus fetters the free expression of opinion respecting
Ireland, must be variously attributed? for, with some,
it may arise from a fear of injury to private interests;
with others, to a spirit of mastery in warfare, whilst
with the greater part. it may be attributed to fear o
anarchy and bloodshed which, In every probability,
wouldocour in England, were that in the sister country
successful.
That ardent reformers and philanthropists should
condemn wanton outrage and anarchy, is natural;
but that the efforts of almost an entire people to shake
off an irksome and protracted misrule, orising from a
difference of iutere-ts, religion, and habits, should be
Tesisted by the great majority of the educated classes,
can only be accounted for by a fear of a change for
the worse as respects English interests. American
readers may, in some measure, judge of the kind of
justice that has been measured out to Ireland for the
last half centurv. and. at the same time, loarn to an
predate. as no doubt ihej do, the blessings of freedom
and abundance, by a sligbt retrospect, commencing
with the suspension of the habeas corpus act
In 1800: again three years, namely, from 1802 till 1805;
then irom 1807 till 1810; also, in 1814; being again renewed
from 1822 till 1S24; and, lastly, let it be hoped,
in the present year, 1848 During the above period,
martial law existed for two years, and numerous coercion
and arms acts were passed.
Can it be supposed that the suspension of the constitutional
liberties of eight millions of people should
be quietly submitted to. the more so, when that suspension
"has been made by a legislature, who. with a
savage enthusiasm, trauipied under foot their standing
orders, and in one night read three times and
passed un act, with only eight dissenting voices, for
immuring in a prison any citizen at the mere will or
caprice of the Viceroy or lus officials? " Hope deferred
maketh the heart siek," is a proverb tbat well applies
to the piatient suffering ol Ireland; for. Is any one ignorant
<f the niobsirous injustice perpetrated by an
overgrown church establishment, which extracts enormous
wealth from a starving people; and is it not
unjust that this people should cultivate the soil for a
rapacious aristocracy, w lio secure a gross agricultural
produce, estimated at eighty millions sterling, leaving
scarcely the tares to support a miserable existence.
Divine, indeed, is the injunction that forbids the
muzzling of the ox tliut treads out the corn;
but, hitherto, it is one that has not penetrated
the hearts of the Irish landowner. The preceding
brief and imperfect summary induces n truin of melancholy
feeling. which there is no reasonable hope,
will be Immediately dispelled. 1 he ardent friends of
Irish freedom would view the present outbreak erroneously
were tbey kto calculate ou a present successful
"issue of the contest; they inuat bear in mind
that a government, having cveu a comparatively small
force at Its disposal, has the advantages arising from
system and oiganlzation to battle a whole population?
the more so, when that government has the countenance
and support of nearly the whole of the middle
classes in Knglnnd and Scotland, independent of its
being a death struggle for the maintenance of F.nglisb
supremacy, which will only be surrendered at a
terrible price. Whilst, however, the prevailing opinion
is given as to the unsuccessful issue of the contest, it
would be wrong not to mention the fact that, in the
year 1708, it requiri d an army of one hundred thousand
men to suppress the Irish rebellion, and now it is proposed
to effect the i ame purpose with forty-tive thous
and men, wh'ch however may be accauutei for by
improvements in the mode of warfare, especially In the
use if rockets which are raid to deal awful destruction
amongst large masses of people. It is also worthy
of note, that the Hebrew Chronicle rebukes the toue
of levity which its brethren assume towards the ' rebel
crew," and,the 'aspiring traitor," as tbi-y style \!r
Smith O'Brien It shows clearly that in Ireland there
"* exists more than en< ugh of material wherewith not
only to make a formidable but a successful revolt aud
mai, u iv mil*, iv if gwinji vu ing rrivi nawng uoc 11
hurried on too soon hy government. and thus left the
organization in piogr? kr incomplete and abortive It
is certain that had not, matter* assuintd a serious aspect,
it is not probable that General Napier would
nave been sent there; and it affords some evidence of
a darkening of the cloud, that he should have bei u so
quickly followed by Lord Harding.
Inieference to the foregoing remarks, it may not bo
out of place to observe that, in England. American
sympathy and proffered aid Is variously viewed, 'i'he
rational one, however, attributes to those who drew
their first breath in Ireland, and probsbly left it uuder
the impulse of irritated feelings, caused by want nnd
oppression?those extreme measures which alike provoke
the mirth aud the spleen of the Euglish autocrat,
whilst to the American, of education und position, it
attributes a sympa'by for suffering and oppression as
exhibited by the unhappy Celt.
Turning to other sources of anxiety, which present
themselves to the notice of government, the most serious,
or, to epi ?k more appropriately, the most alarming.
is the position of King < harles Albert, of Sardinia.
A succession of defeats, by the Austrians, has. it is
said, now induced him. as a last and unwilling resource,
to claim French intervention. Sixty thousand
men are demanded with great urgency, and it is considered
doubtful whether they can be furnished, as the
intestine affairs of France require almost her whole
available force to keep the communist population in
proper subordination. Whilst every one must regret
this reverse of fortune to the cause of liberty in Lornbardy.
few will sympathize with this royal hypocrite,
who. in espousing the cause of freedom, iu reality
sought his own aggrand zement in aspiring to the possession
of the iron crown.
it is still possible that the long cherished hope of
France will be realised iu the liberation of Italy
through the Instrumentality of her arms, and that
peninsula knit into a compact republic, to the exclusion
of the Sardinian republic.
Whether General < avaignan will in this respect consider
it safe to resist the ropular will in France, remains
to be seen It is beyond matter of speculation
that England has urged every obstacle in the way of
such an intervention; and It is feared that the influence
of the English ambassador at Paris has had
t-uch an effect on ihe General, that Austrian rule will
be again established in Italy. The Lombards are
somewhat similar to the Irish, in seeking too much for
foreign aid. instead of depending upon tneir own energies
and resources. On iho fate of Italy depends al
most the existence or Ihe annihilation of royalty in
Europe; and a successful French intervention, ba-ed
on proper principles. Is apprehended by the ruling potentates
with horror, knowing full well when that event
occurs that the political death-knell will be sounding
in their ears. 'I he British aristocracy saw clearly the
coming storm, but vain and fruitless was Lord Minto's
mission to Switzerland anil Italy, and equally hopeless
Ms endeavors to reconcile the Siclllnns to their former
The summary of these remarks is brief, and point
clearly to the perfect politico! <li lirorar.ee of Italy. and
at the same time of kurope. should integrity of purIose
guide and terminate the intervention of Kranee,
ingland dreads it more than any other ovcnt that
c< uld occur; and It is amusing to ol>serT<< the cringing
whine of the 7Van. as it urg? s on Kranee mediation,
rather than an armed Intervention, in seeking a solution
to the adjustment of Italian nlTairs It appears
certain that the King of Trus-ia Is also a1 armed. a* he
had declared to the Kreneh Knvoy at llerltn, that he
will oppose either * n Intervention or any attompt to
establish an Italian republic, and the probability Is
that an undeManilleg exists between I ngland and
True-da. that tin y will oppose either of the above objects
being carried into effect, if they ran do so with
any degree of safety, and without involving themselves
in a general war. which the Kngli-h people
would nover allow their government to plunge them
into.
It may be a criterion whereon to judge In a certain
degree of the relative importance attached to the
rente passing In thise countries namely. In Italy,
kranca, (fern,any and Ireland, hy tholr effect on Kngllsh
securities In this respect they are only sendbly
affected by events occurring In Italy, whioh goes to
prove the accuracy of the proceeding remarks, and
shows how sensitively a'iro are capitalists to circumstances
which they ronatder likely to affect the existing
order of things.
Atlwm.. ?m. t. .....J ...I..V, ...! ?
In raroua town*; and at Liverpool, where the Irl'h
abound, the authoritlea, alarmed at the vaporing
apaecbea of their leader*, who threaten to born the
[ town and alilpping. Iiuto. at tbn anggeation of a m'ii-tiboring
nobleman, actually petitioned Paillaioent to
l euapend tbe liabea* ( orpuaact. an regarded that town.
IThe Inhabitant*, naturally Indignant at nurh an Indelible
stain bring caat on th? town. prayed Parllamant
to pay no attention to the former petition, and
atatlng both their ability and power to anppraaa tnmult
and diaorder. The height* at Kverton are crowned
with a atrong military encampment in tent* to protect,
or rather g ve aaurance to the timid. Mmoheater
eceaaarlly eontuiua a vaet amount of Iriah, who
alao hare their club*, but no undue alarm hta been
. created thara, a? the aulhorttie* are not only in ire ?li
jllar.t but more a*perlenc- d in the auppreeaion of tumultuou*
a?armblagoa. In London, the M?tr >pclltaa
E NE
MORNINt
Police have appeared, each with a sabre by his side,
and walking in oouple* instead of singly, much after
the fashion of the Frenoh Gendarmerie.
At the present moment chartism reposes ; it is not
dead its eyes are so far closed that it only peers Those
of its leaders who yet remain outlde a prison wall significantly
assert that it only bides its time to reappear,
andfo^lbe moment yields to thu passing blast that
.. immures its chiefs In prisons, and silently meditates
I its ultimate triumph.
The recent sentences passed on the chartists cannot
| be raid to have been severe; but it has been a matter
that has caused not only regret, but disgust, to see
the functions of tho judge usurped by the bloated
Timre. which with an air of great nonchalance, itni
post d a two years' imprisonment on each, which, on
the following day. was modestly echoed by the Judge.
Messrs. Dickens and Co have, in their American peregrinations,
picked up, for the amusement of the English
reader, various curious matters, and, among
others, sketches illustrative of the administration of
justiee in its courts of law; but it may be doubtful
yi ueiiier, 111 Aiitfrii'u, irp uencu ih eueru??.i uuti mutated
to by a bellowing journalist. It ih also matter of
regret, even to those who are sticklers for loyalty, tbat
the treatment of the chartist prisoners Is very severe;
,'odicfb ho. Indeed, tbat they are not allowed a spoon,
and are obliged to eat their food more like brutes than
human beings. The times are pregnant with events,
and it behoves government, whilst it assumes an uttltude
of tfrniness in tbe maintenance of order, to exercise
a little mercy, as it might, in a certain measure,
conciliate many who otherwise might become hostile
to it; for, if ever a struggle begins in Kngland with
any degree of success, it will be a sanguinary one, as
: it is well known that nearly all thv elements that
caused the horrors of tho first French revolution exist
at this time here, namely, a corrupt feudal aristocracy
. a partial taxation, an overgrown church establishment,
a government of self-interest and patrnnnge,
and, lastly, a profuse and lavish expenditure extracted
lr< >m the starving ami toiling millions.
The masses are uneasy and moving; they aro restrained
by tbe sword, but such restraint cannot perman<
ntly insure order, which, to be pure and lasting,
' must rome from a different source The business in
I I'arliument is possessed of no particular inter.-st except
Mr. Horsman's vigorous attack on the abuses of
: the present church establish inept. He is feared both
by the church and the ministry, who know they have
in him an enemy of ability, patience, and determinu:
tion to the accomplishment of his purpose, namely.
. wmi 01 equalizing me income 01 ino oicrgy, ana in!
creasing the efficiency of the establishment.
Nothing. at the present moment, is said of any
change of ministry. The incompetency of the present
one is notorious, and a disgrace to the country; and
some notion may be formed of its composition, by the
fact, that oomanguimty, not talent, was the chief object
in its formation; and it has been asserted by Mr.
Osborne, in his place in Parliament, that the whole
ministry of Lord John Hussell. with one individual
exception, are related either by blood or marriage.
Daily arrests are being made both of English and
Scotch chartists. The arrest of the latter was effected
I by government espionage in the Gla'gow post office?
at least so say the Scotch papers.
London, August 4,1S43?7 P. M.
Slate rf I he English Press?New Ordnance Map? Slate
of Trade?General Intelligence?Latest Theatrical
and Political ATeres ? Money Market.
We scarcely know whether to settle down quietly
and think there will be no riot, or otherwise. Almost
every hour one's ears are nearly split with the cries o<
second and third editions of the daily papers, and it is
not a little amusing to read the contradictory accounts
they issue. The journals have reaped a perfect har.
vest for the last half dozen months; the chartist, as
well as the Irish events, have almost made the fortunes
of the proprietors. Then to see the hosts of new publications
that have sprung into being, some of which
live, and others become defunct. The majority, how.
ever, meet with the latter fate. The titles, too, ar?
high sounding and patriotic?amongst them are The
Commonwealth, The llefoi iiier,. The Standard of Freedom,
The Republican, etc. Such is the condition of th?
English press. 1 shall naw.give you a summary of th<
minor occurrences of London, before I refer to the mort
important metropolitan topics.
The ordnance survey, of whioh 1 have apprized you, ii
progressing, a whole army of engineers being about th<
I town, to take the level of the various parts. Thecop
j structinn of ti e map, notwithstanding the celerity wit)
' which it 'e reported 11 will*be ooia; letcd. is occasioninj
1 great dis.-aii.-tHCtion; for. afier all that has been sail
! about this national luap, it is not, it appears, to includi
1 any of the public buildings, nor will it distinguish thi
i ecclesiastical or electoral boundaries of the metropolis
j it would not be more surprising were we to hear thai
. the river 1 homes is to be excluded, on account of iti
i size. One good thing will result from the undertak ng
some spirit* d publishers have taken advantage of tilt
; scaffolding erected on the top of St ra'ul's Cathedral
' and mt? ud taking a uazui rreotype view of London from
| the summit. Jf the ordnance do ncb-mind what the}
' tre about with the map. ihe view ef the metropolis will
j afiei all. be the main attraction.
rablic meetings, to take into consideration varioui
: <iuc*tlons referring to the political privileges of the
people, arc being held almost nightly. A very large
! assmiblage met last evening at Westminster, to endeaj
vor to obtain some alterations in the representative
s}sftm. One of the metropolitan members presided
and resolutions, expressing the necessity of an extension
in the elective franchise, were drawn up. and carried
amidst acclamation Emigration comes ir. for thi
lion's share of popularity at the present moment ?
I hvi ry one appears interacted in the movMuttut, and an
I waiting their force to movo the government to take tin
subject into their more immediate consideration.?
There is one thing that I cannot help thinking, wen
it Introduced wouid foster emigration wonderfully?I
colonial penny postage system Frequent comniuni
cation would naturally be the result of the measure
andfiimtgrauts would leave in scores, where they onlj
now have in dozens. Our provinces are quiet, InQ
nitily more so lliau we have any reason to anticipate
considering the continued unsettled s ate of othot
parts of the globe. At ilochdale. at attempt was rnadi
i to get up a char ttst meeting, but proved fruitless; ant
at (ireeuock. in Scotland a couple of chartist leaders
have hi en arrested. This is the whole of excitable
intell'get.ce I have to give. The stateof trade in sonu
ot the more importai t of our manufacturing towns, it
not particularly lively, nor is it dull. At Manchester
a weekly report is made up of the state of the lactones
theia-t of which has been forwarded to me. It appears
that, compared with the previous week, there art
seven more mills working full time with the full nuui
ber of handa; one less working full time, with pari
only of the hands; a decrease of four working shori
time, and a decrease of Ave stopped In the wholi
nuu.hirof handa employed, it shoes a reduction o
314; hut there are 1 110 more on full time, and 470 lesi
cm short time. There were last week 39 034 employed
this week there are 39.220 This is abuut the most
UDsa'ii-lactory account of the provinces?in othci
places trade has slightly improved. I n Liverpool, foi
ins>aiice. Canadian and American flour meet with
ready sales at un inert;u.e of from Od to le per barrel
If the clubs that are now held in some of the pro
vinces were entirely suppressed, prices could not fai
to advance?wliile tliey exist. it keep* every one in i
stste of anxiety. Kifteen clubs are organized in Li
I TtTBOOl nloiie.
'1 tie Bank of British North America had a meeting
nt their < Aire on Tuc.-day. for the election of a direct'
or. in the place of Mr remherton, w ho has resigned
Mr. tl Stewart was elected Thi re was another can
Oidule nail ed, a Mr. Klin; but finding there was n<
chance ot his being returned, he declined going to tin
poll.
The ( ah'donia arrived nt l.iveipool on the morninf
of the 2d. bringing T'-Vl m o in spi eie. and forty-sever
passenger*. In this c untry we are ail pleased at thi
rapidity with which the Hoyal Mail steamers perforn
the pa'sage between Liverpool and the 1'nited States
The Niagara come* in for the honors, ns it nppear* shi
twice on sard the Atlantic in the apace of 'i8J daya
for thiatrea ure nearly all closed. Drury bane
la shut up, and having refused Mr. Cooper m
lei see, for the thoroughly Knglish performance
that was to have bet n represented .there, is likely t<
r< nu-in so The Princess', Strand, and Sadler's Wells
are in n similar predicament; so is the Adelphi. th<
while of the company baying migrated to the Hay
maikit; and the subscription nights, at both tin
opt ri.me marly run out 1 la lieve. that as Jennj
Lied will retire from tbe stage after this season. Mr
I iiinli'T ititi.i.ilu I.MM.. u... v,<i TV.
? o - a 1 ?"
ltojnl Italian Opera (Covcnt Garden) troupe are about
to atralpan.ate with the company at the Italian Opera
t aring for their lesstu Mr Drlatleld, who now hold
< omit Garden. lie hit* >erured tho service* of Mr
Mitchell, as matingir; so that I don't suppose we shal
hate the French playa again, at the St Jamea', undei
Mr. Mitchell"* regime. Jenny l.ind will ahortly appeal
In Haiti's opera ol " Kulstaffthe composer liavtnf
written a new eavatiua for Jenny, It will be wort I
litering It ie raid she has netted enornroua profit
trim lierrecent theatrical i peculations
' William Jlowtit only realised i-'flt) by the copyright o
Lis journal lie lias it iu contemplation. I bcllere, ti
star' another. < n similar principles.
The paihumeritnry debates, during the week, han
not tiei n with the exc< ption of a few words about thi
state of Ireland of |ariieoler importance A n gilt 01
two hack. Mr. Horn-man's motion about the church
was introduced. It wes to consider the Knglish ehrireh
ss regarded its temporalities, to get at the full value al
Its property held under lease, and adopt such men
Fures as may make the church revenues more conducive
to the religious teaching of the people It wai
natid, In the rourae of the debate, that the revenue!
cf the i Lutch in Kngland and Wales, were upwards ol
four and a half millions. "This money," said Mr
lie nenian. "should form a fund solely fur the education
and benefit of the jeople " As J,i rd John tlussell admitted
tho justice aud net easily of the motion, pron
isti g to do all he could for it at an early period, it
v as w iibdts* n. hast ironing, the Sugar Duties bill
went thioiifh another clause In committee, and an
unimportant difcnsslon ttark place, on the corruption
ai d bribery < f eh ctton hill
1 ou must hare heard iiw ntloned Uie name erf Mr
Kdwnrd Bairn s. late M I*. frr Leeds, who was the pro
pi let or ol the f.iriG .Wrrctiiy He died the day before
yestirday During his life t .me ha gained respect
In m those with whom he was thrown Intooonneetion
i Originally apiln'rr, he, by perseverance and Ini'uatry,
niansgid to become one of the head men of the town
| of Let-da. At the lata elating propositions respecting
WTO
jr EDITION?NEW YO
tin1 i.a'ional educationquestion hi' h'.ih wrote and spoke
vi ry ^troug'y on the subject, lie wus also author of a
very clever history of France.
Two more chartists have been arrested in I.ondon ;
their names arc Rryson and Shelo They were before
the magistrate yesterday morning and s'and com- :
mitti d to take their trial at the ensuing sessions
A man v>n executed the other day at Winchester,
fi r the murder of a man in Portsmouth dockyard.
The North Western Itailway (late Birmingham) is in
a very singular predicament. One hundred and twenty
of tin ir engine drivers have struck for au increase of
wpges, threatening the lives and persons of the dlreo- j
tors, if their elaime are not satisfied. Not a very long
time since, thev maile xtmli est inn for more nn whieh
wtii- granted ; and thoir demand is now most unreasonahle.
and. I need scarcely add. will not he granted,
it is supposed they will be taken before the magis.
trates. and the ringleaders thrown into jail. The
conduct of the engine drivers is inexcusable, as they
have privileges which aro not enjoyed by those employed
on the other lines.
The Washington has arrived at Southampton, after
a passage of thirteen and a quarter days, bringing one
day 's lettr news than the Caledonia The article on
postage affairs in the New York Herald of the 20th '
ulto.. is exciting attention on this side of the Atlantic.
1 he money market is rather lower to day than for a
few days past?a belief gaining ground in the Stock
Kxchange that there will be a Krench intervention in
Italy, is the cause of the decline. Consols have hoon
done at 86>f to *[ ; reduced three per cents are quoted
\ a J4 ; three and a quarter per cents. 87 to 87} j ; j
long annuities. 8% to 15-16 ; exchequer bills. 37s to42s '
premium; India bonds, 30s to 34s premium; bank
stock. to 198'i. II ail way matters still oontinuc
flat ; F.astern counties are done at 14J? ; Great Western,
S7 }i \ Blackwall's. 4,^; Northwestern, 126},;
West-end. 1C3,'4 ; South Western. 47 ; Brighton. 30^
Buyers are scarce. Altogether, the money market is
in a depressed condition.
A report is flyiDg about London, that Smith O'Brien
haa passed through some of the provincial towns,
and embarked on hoard a Rotterdam steamer. I do
not think there is any Truth in the rumor. Lord
Hardinge has left its for Dublin. Our mall steamers
on the Irish coast have guards of soldiers
Southampton, August 4,1848.
Our Steamers?Triumph of the Washington?Rumor
of War in Europe?The late F.meute in Ireland?Rebellion
Brewing in the South?The People Prepared,
hut in Want of Leaders?Hews from Jlhroai.
The Americans will have to sing a new song of triumph
for the sueecss of another voyage of their ocean
sieamsnips. me < aiedonia arrivra at uverpool on
the 2d, having left New York on the lflth of July ?
The Washington, which left exactly twenty-four
hours after the Caledonia, succeeded in reaching
Cowes at midnight of the tame day; thus performing
a voyage of greater length, In twelve hours shorter
space of time than the Caledonia. In the same weather,
and under similar circumstances. Verily, and of a
truth, the success which has recently attended the
voyages of the United States,liermann,and Washington
steamers, ought to stimulate the owners of those
fine ships to renewed exertions, to make their property
as convenient and regular as possible; aud then, as I
' have frequently, beforo stated, the New York. Southampton
and Bremen line of steamers will speedily become
one of the most healthy and prosperous of
ocean steam undertakings,
i It seems to be a pity, that certain members of Congress
should quibble about the amounts paid for the '
ocean mail service, just because the first trial of a i
certain enterprise, for a short time, has not responded
to the rather too sanguine hopes that were entertained
i in regard to the amount of postage for the conveyance
of letters. This policy is narrow-minded and petulant.
! ' Home was not" builtin a day. The first introduction
of great inventions, and the first adventures in \
i large undertakings, have usually resulted in loss ?
5 '-Success is secure, unless energy fails.'- if this motto j
be a true one in individual schemes, bow much more j
' must it not apply to great national endeavors. No
doubt the widespread in Hue nee of your valuable and 1
impartial journal, will act as a corrective to the ha-ty
views entertaiued by some of the would-be legislas
tors; and patriotic feeling should prompt a dismissal
from the mind of tooiuany considerations involving
ut'itt UUHU1I- BUli ucuvr 1 licit) la n wiuriva ' a JI n g in
England. '-throw a splat to catch a herring1'?anil in
thin light, mu. t be considered eveay assistance rendered
by the government of the b ulled State*, to
incorporated companies, for the establishment and ;
extens'on of stenm communication. Nationally speak- ,
ing, it would be a disgrace for the United States to
permit a foreign power to monopolize all the mail car- i
rying business; and itis. moreover, an act of discre- j
tie n. to patronize companies having ships that, in the i
eientol war, could he converted into powerful and !
eCectivesteam frigates.
so much for the oceau steamers, and I pass from |
them to direct your earnest attention to the present i
threatening stale of Europe, and to the prospect there
exists for a general war This is a serious alfair. and
demauds the exercise of the most deliberate con-ider- .
at ion,
Europe at the present moment can only be cornpan
d to a candle burning at both ends, i'he flames
of war have burst out in two distinot and separate
quarters of the continent, and all the European States 4
arc in imminent danger of being ignited by the conllngration
already begun. 1 allude now. on the one
hand, to the hostilities existing and renewed between
Denmark and the German Confederation, aud on the
other to the awkward and perplexing stato of alfairs
in Italy, both north and south
With reference to the Schleswig-Holstein dispute, it is
hard to make head or tail of it. Just as every one
thought peace would be proclaimed it was formally
announced that the negotiations were broken off, and
that hostilities would instantly recommence. The
conduct of the Prussian commander-in chief, General
Wrangel, is spoken of as inexplicable, as it appears he
refused to ratify the armistice after having been directed
to do so by the king his master, and after it had
> been at ranged and agreed to between the represeu'
tutives of Denmark. Sweden. Russia, aud Prussia. It t
was feared that General Wrangel was acting under
instruction.-, of the Frankfort Confederation, which {
> has taken the provisional government of ScUleswig 1
1 under Its protection If this be true, good-bye to I
t 'peace in the north of Europe. The war. once rccem- j
1 menct'd. will be carried on not only with increased |
bitterness but with renewed vigor. Russia and Sweden
> will coalisee with Denmark against the whole of tiermany.
Already movements have begun ; the Swedish I
t and Danish troops are being concentrated at Malrao, |
t and somcthim? decisive will short I v tot.. ?i... if ........ 1
> power does not interfere to prevent thin foolish war,
f so de.structiv< and injurious to all interests concerned
' In iV Lord I'almerston's policy In reference to the
i Danish question cannot be understood. His lordship
i anr.ounced, in Parliament. a settlement of the dispute
' only a few days before the official intelligence was
communicated in the newspapers, that Ueneral Von
> W'rangel would re-enter Jutland, and take up his
former position.
The Danish Commission in Copenhagen has proceed
1 ed to condemn llie Herman ships taken by Danish
9 cruisers, and everything looks warlike and threatening.
It is shrewdly suspected that Lord Talmerston is
' playing fas) and loose" in this question, or it is ar!
guid it might long since hare been arranged ; and it '
is said a complacent and quiet arrangement exists be- I
t?n n ltussia and Kngland. by which, when the pear
of Knrope is properly ripe, the two great power* will
> manage matters ii'most as they please. Tis very cer9
tain. British merchants are suffering severely by the
war in Denmark, ami would aillingij see ltteriuinatt
ed by any arrangement that would suit the parties
? concerned ; but It is such n knotty and difficult quae
tion. nnd thereare so many conflicting interests, that
? an amicable understanding is norv deemt d almost improbable.
9 You will see. in the London papers of this week, par
tirulaily in the Times of August 1 to 8. full details o'
1 the terrible reverses which have b en sustained by the
* Sardinian and Pisdmontese troops, beaded by King 1
> Chaylts Albert. 1 he Austrians have completely ?wept
> the country, and the king has been cbllp d to almnt
don all hia impoitaut military positions on the banks
9 of the the Mincioand Adigo; arid it is said be is now in
full retreat upon Milan The fighting for four days
9 was terrific ; but the superior number and diaeir
pline of the vi teran Aaatrian troops, ably comr ended i
hv era nusola 1 * '' * ?
.... ?...r, ?n nvum uwurany o? ? ?i
pi ctnl wbcn oj posed to brave but raw recruits, under
i con nmnd of no very experienced military chief, could
. not be resistid. t nder thin grave state of attaint,
whit h is likely to change the deatiulea of Kurope. the
king if the Sardinians immediately despatched envoys
1 to Paris, demanding Kreuch intervention, and the asr
aislance ofOO.t no men. to assist In expelling the Ausr
triau* from Italy Now, tothia emharras-ing perplexity
C in Kuropean affairs I wish to draw particular att?ni
tion A king of a certain state (Sardinia) takes upon
> hlmielt to become the ehampion of a neighboring state.
(Lombard},) which baa just succeeded in driving its
t oppressor (Austria) from the soil?Sardinia and Aus>
tiia having, up to ths time, been at peace. The Lornbalds
arc a. airous ef having a republican form of go
' vernment. but. weak in themselves, aocept the armed
> Resistance of a comparativ ly powerful monarch
" 1 he King Charles gives his assistance to the
' Milanese, hoping to be ahle to absorb their
i tirritiry, and to make himaelf king of Italy. It
f must haTe been evident to every one that Charles
Albert's interference In Italian affairs took place,
not merely and simply, as be represented, to assist :t
I suffering and oppressed nationality, hut coolly and
1 dclltx lately, wltii a view to territorial aggrandia-f
milt and ambition He has played a double sud
dishonest game; and now, that he is beaten by the
i K mperor's troops, that Km per or with whom he was on
Inn s of amity and friendship, he has the impudent
In pertinence, as a king, to demand armed assistance
! fri m the Krenrh republic, to prevent his would-be posI
sessions beii., a I- *? by the Austrians
i I think thni ihis rin rt summary of the conduct of
i the king if Sardinia, who. in anticipation, had placed
the iron crown of Italy on his own head and hoped to
pit nearly nil the continent of Italy under hi* domination.
will fully account for the coolness with whleh
h.e proper air have hen received In Paris f>r assistance
of men. cannon, and ships Why should Kiance fling
hi rti If Into an expensive and bliw dy war, because th erss|
irp and avaricious views of the Ring of Sardinia
have been defeatedT Why should the bona* of tbon
R K 1
5
RK, MONDAY, AUGU
sands ol frenchmen be lett to bleach on the plains c
Lon.butdy, to as:-i*t a monarch whore conduct in prove
to be devoid of honesty ' And why should all Kurop
feel the convulsions of war. because Charles Alber
ban not performed what he solemnly pledged liiuyelf t
the Milanese to do ?
In making there observations, I do not wish you ti
think that I approve for one mom' nt of the re-eatab
lishment of Austrian rule in I.ouibardy. On the con
trnry, 1 deeply sympathize with the brave Milanesi
vtlin ilrnTM nut tlipir Aimtri.'in tusk-tuuuf?*r? ami wht
fought with that bravery and courage which only trui
patriotism. and a righteous cause, can inspire But
the provisional government of Milan has been duped
and it should cnat oiT the assistance of the King ol
Saidinia at once, undertake its own cause and then tin
UliftltM of France would be kindly and <lfxitu>ll|
accorded.
There is one thing to be considered by the executive
government of France In the event of General (avaignac
marching the French army into Italy. Russia,
in all probability, would take part with Austria; and
then where the affair would end. Heaven only icnowa.
Russia. just now, bappens to be well prepared with the
sinews of war?money. This cannot be said of the
French; and although an Italian crusade is very popular
amongst the French army, yet the wisdom of General
< avaig nac evidently perceives the difficult situation
in which he would be placed, were he to countenance
war with Austria.
'I he soldiers are also wanted at home, and it is said
that the socialist party in Paris are rigorously fomenting
a foreign war. and the marching of 100.000 men
into Italy, in order to have a clear fleld for their treasonable
and nefarious designs All these circumstances
considered. I thick I am justified in assuring you that
any intervention on the part of France in the affairs
of Italy, will be to preserve peace, and will not be uudtrtalien
with warlike intent.
The Irish rebellion, as it is so miscalled, lias turned
out to be ratber a funny affair. Mr O'Brien, the
King ol'Muster, has not turned out to be so great a
man as we all thought he was. After all biH tine
speeches, and his promising a regularly organized conspiincy,
it is disappointing to bear^that he hid himsell
amongst the cabbages, while bis 1000 armed men were
being thrashed by 100 policemen It issaid that he hai
cut and run, (discretion is the better part of valor.1 ?
and (inharked for the land of freedom, the b'nited
States I presume be will be well laughed at if ever hi
should tn In nil on vnnr si.I.. r,f ft... AtKnti..
A more cowardly cur never sneaked away from i
butcher's shop. and the beet way to punish him woul<
he to let him lire in the enjoyment of the jeers he de
serves.
Notwithstanding the curious conduct of King O'Briei
and the questionable behaviour of other leaders of th<
Irish movement, it cannot be denied that all the pout!
of Ireland Is ripe for revolt. But chiefs are wanted
1 here ere arms?there are men. ammunition, discon
tent, hatred, determination?but no leaders. This i
why there is nothing done.
it is a pity,for one reason that the Irish questloi
could not be brought to a crisis ?the flame is only sun
thered. The discontent and hatred remain buried, t
be evinced in future bitti r fruits. If Ireland is to re
main an integral portion of Great Britain, sour
changes in its government must take place,
think there is a disposition in high quarter
to se to this ; and. from what I hear, the next twelv
months will not pars over, without something of ma;
nilude being proposed for Ireland.
This week there have been several arrivals of ma:
st( nine rs here. The Rlpon brought the Ka?t India an
China moil, on Sunday last; and you will perceive
firm Bombay, that ihe Sikh Rnd Briti.U troops hiv
obtained some cecided successes over the \loultan re
bels. and that there is every probability of the revol
j being promptly suppressed
7 be Tagus arrived on the 2d. with the Spauish an
Portuguese mails. The Spanish news is not important
Krcm Lisbon, under da'e 20th duly. I learn that th
Chamber of Peers had been not. only kicking up a rov
but some of the peers had commenced kickiug eac
other, kc.
A line ot steamers is to be established between I.ii
bon. Madeira, and the Cape de Verd Islands.
The king consort had been nearly killed by a fa
from his horse; and the qui en was reported to be agai
in that, interesting conuilion in which all ladles wis
to be who lore their lords
Exchange on London, GO days. 523,': 00 days, 62s?
which is so low as to cause remittances of gold to Knji
land The Tagus brought A'20 000 ; discount on Lis
bon bank notes. 38 per rent.
At Gibraltar, on the 24th July, commercial matter
and quotations vere as ! last quoted them to you. Lor
doii. fit davi* data. 4S ! Paris .r?fr Rile- Yiarseilles. fd
80c ; Genoa. Mr. 30c ; Madrid. 8 days*' sight. 4 din ; Ci
diz. do. ?4' a % dis; Mnlaeft. do. dis: Seville, do, *4' a'
| dia; Alicante, do, 1 '4 dis; Valencia. do, dla; i.arei
lone do. ?; dis ; Spanish pillared dollars, 1}? per eer
p?imum t-r- ?V's J'a Li tidrn ar.d out-ports is th
I'nited Kingdom Brazil, trticl Hirer Plate, f 14? if 10 nn
10 per cent; Gulf of Mexico and Havana. $14 a $10. an
10p?rcent; Malta, $3 6; Leghorn. Genoa. 54, and 5p?
cent; and. for lend, $3, and 5 per cent
Our Item on Coricsponiiente.
Homk, July 23, 1848.
Resignation of the Ministry?The Refusal of the Pop
to ilec/are War against Austria?Jiu Kmeute.
The Kternal L'lty is inrolreil in a cruel dilemma.The
Pope has conscienslous scruples as to a dociara
tion of war against Austria, and peremtorily refuse
to function it. The public is just as peremptory in in
eisting upon it. The ministry have demanded of hi
Holiness authority to d> clnre war, and that being re
fused, bare resigned. The Pope has tried to get a mi
' nistry formed on neutral principles without succes
and thus the State is. in fact, without a government
A committee has been formed for the legations at Bo
lepra, to conduct the war Independently of the con
tral authority at. Rome, and a similar roiumittee her
is falkid of. The public discontent burst forth th
other day. in a scene like that of the 10th of May a
Parte.
1 lie populace rushed into the chamber and demand
ed with loud cries, an Immediate declaration of wa
against Austria. The President having put on hi
ha 'end having declared the chnmher suspended, ail
dH?d the populHcu. and pressed them to leave th<
place. 1 hey afterwards went to the castle'of Sain
Argilo. and attempted to force it. but were repuliet
and dispersed.
of n II the < lermiin Staiea into tin- Zollverein. and th<
formation Ot customs-union throughout Germany
took place in one of the lnteat aittinga of the Prussian
National Assembly here. The ministry waa naked
a hat atepa hud been taken by the Prussian government
conjointly with the ( ther Mate governments in th?
Zollvirein, to cause the other States or Germany, ?
Austria. Ilanover. *lc , to enter the Zollverein, and
? W.-|II1?IIJ ?
what had been done to establish a union of enninirrct
and navigation among the Carman Stale* at file North
Sen for the purpoa* ot promoting direct trade between
(Jeimany and the trim*. Atlantic State*, by mean* ol
the i mahlbhn.ent of a ayatem of differentia! dutlea ??
W I at WBH contemplated with reaped to the preaenl
tarfl ? f the /ollverein ? On thin the Minister ot Commerce
replied, that nil the government* of (icrmany
bad lecn nimmoned to aend deputiento Frankfort, foi
the pt rpo?e of fettling thi* qtieetloti ; but that nont
i gei pt rmwta had cent any The eummon* had now
been repeated and that l"ru*?ia would again *end I
deputy With re * pee t to tho eatablichment of a ay*.
i.Biof differential dntie*, Pru**la had already eoramenrt
d negotiatlona in latter ye. r*; but that no
remit had been obtained a? yet In April laat it had
In en pri poet <i by Trueela to prolong the tariff of the
/ llten in ending Willi the preeent year, for one year
n ore. and that it wne to be hoped that nn agreement
w- old toon be made on thie point.
'J he new con?t'tnM< n for Pruaaf*. a* propo*ed by
the ei mmittee appointed by the National Aaaembly,
io deliberate nton the #ame. ha* ju*t appeared, and la
n in h more liberal than the on* previoualy propoaed
by the Prupalan Mlniatry. It I*, iu many reapecta. a
copy of ihe Belgian eonatitutlon ; but aome material
alteration* In It will, a* la generally atated. be made,
hen It will he diaeuafed in the National Aaaembly
A much more aettlid atste of affair* may be aald to
evlaf In (hi many, fine* a central government hag
In on eatabiiahed and confidence ha* been rcatored,
tlx ugh the preateat political agitation atlll prevail*
very where
1 he Archduke .lohn.tth* Regent of Oermanr, had
left Vienna on the 2.1d Inat . and wHI retarn to Frank,
fbrt on th? 26th. He will b* aeeompaaled ky hla wllh,
T E R A
ST 21, 1S48.
i1 the lluroix'n* of Brandhof. und bin hod, the Count of
d Maran His marriage with tlj? Haronetm, who wan the
a daughter of an inn-keeper and poat inaatrr of a h in all
t country town in Auatria. In now the aubjact of geneo
ral con vernation, a* a clrcumatanca ^connected with
V.. hint,... ,.f Ilia li?\. .. Afira ainoi.law un.l
Ilir IJIPIU1J Ul 11.n ..IT-. , ouv> ^iructl.
a It wax on a summer'a day, when the servants of the
inn-keeper and post-master being employed on the
field, and bin daughter sitting with her work at tin#
t window, a carriage-and-four stopped before the post>
house of a country town. The Archduke John had
> arrived ; and imagine the perplexity of the post-master,
t when all hie servants were away, and there was no
, postilion to drive the Archduke on to the next station,
r A noble resolution of the daughter of the post-master
i saved him from this perplexity. She dressed as a posti
lion, and drove the Archduke to the next statiou. On
the way. the Archduke, observing the delicate form
> and grace of the postilion, spoke to him. and discovering
the maiden, was so deeply impressed by the daring
act she had ventured for hfm, that he married her
ibortiy after.
Our Spnnlsli Correspondence.
Madrid, July 21', 1848.
di rest of Don I.onis Gun talis llraro?.4 New Conspiracy? dri
est of the Principals?Est ape of Cabrera.
The l)ukc of Sotouayor. whose attacks of the gout
huYo been luteiy more frequent and serious, has requested
the President of the Counoll to beseech Her '
Majesty to accept his resignation. It la said his re
signntion baa. in fact, been accepted; and It ia reported
tbat M. Tidal ia to be named, in hia stead, to the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It ia to be presumed
should tbia take place, that M. de Mon will be shortly
called to the direction of the finances.
It ia said tbat the Duke dl Sotomayor will be uamed
Spanish Minister at Tarls, and is to make a short stay
at Vichy.
; It is expected the Uazetta w ill publish the nomina1
tion of M. Tidal to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
\ The new Minister waB prevented from taking his
[ oath, yesterday, on account of the indisposition of
, General Narvaez.
I The Chief of the Tolice of Safety proceeded, in peri
son.to the arrest of I). I.ouls Gonzalla Bravo, whom
1 be conducted before the Dirootor of the Tolice. M.
F.unico. He isj an lecret. The cause of this arrest is
unknown; but is. moat probably, caused by some in1
foiraation having been laid nguinat him
o This day, at BP. M,, M. Gonzalis has been sent unh
dt r a strong escort toward Andalusia. It is presumed
[. that be is to be conveyed, by order of government, to
! Cadiz, to be transported. Mdo. Gonzalia lirazo has
9 lvlt here for La Urangtv, in the hopes of obtaining
1 some alleviation of the fate of her huaband.
n A Montimolinist conspiracy has been discovered at
o Madrid by Count Mirosol?seventeen persona have
o been taken into custody, and nt their head Uahriel
i- Martinet. an officer on retired pay. These persona
e I were in possesion of arms.
[ i Marnei Benedicto, the principal agitator of the rovo s
J lutionists: vlio endeavored to disturb public order in
e the presence of Saragossa, has been arrested.
I The Montenioiinist faction, whirh had anncared in
I the district of Kan Houge de Keouieera, has disappear- i
il id; it has surrendered.
j In the Macstrazza de Valencia, the fi?ln>rllla Tor>.
' nt r has no longer any chance of maintaining his
0 | ground. He has pot even twenty men remaining.
. ' It appears that Cabrera, leaving a part of his ei|Uit
page in the power of the troop* of the Queen, has not
' more than 80 or 40 men near him, in the Sierras of
J | I bach. He i? pursued, and will, most probably.be
| taken by the Brigadier Monz.ono, ColonelTanch. and
0 the Brigadier Psredes.
r. It was by a miracle that Cabrera succeeded in esjj
| coping the troops of the Queen on the 81st, in the
' passage of David. It is presumed he aims at approachj.
lDg tho frontier, and that he is greatly disoouraged
by the BctiTity displayed by the troops in pursuit of
II him. nnd the ilttie jirtitige produced by bis name.?
D The soldiers of the Queen haTe taken his mules and his
I) proclamations.
Bnwnsp of Madrid. July 29 ?Threes 18% paper.?
1 (After the Bourse 18% cosh: 18% paper ) Fives 10%
[- paper. (After the Bruree 10% to % cash ) Passives 4
i- paper. (After the Bourse 4 cash.) < oupons cadi.
Foreign passive debt 3% paper. Bank of Saint Kerch's
nant f>0 cash. 64 paper. Discount of its notes, 4% to
i- ; >. K.xchange?Paris 4 98. cash; London 46. cash; Borr,
draux 6 5. cosh; Marseilles 0 5, paper: Bayonne 6
i- paper.
,! Our Slrllliin l"orr?'?|?oinleriee.
Pai.i:umo. July 10, 1S48,
j ' J1flairs al Palermo?lluggirro Srl'imo?The Klection i
d ! of the TCing, $-c , ipr.
T J On the night of the 10th instant, the Sicilian Pari
liainent declared Rnggiern Settimo, the Sicilian Libe
rater. Senator of right and for life, with the honors of
bi-yearly President.
It is said that negotiations are on foot to marry the
Duke of Genoa to a nieco of the Queen of K.ngland.
It is also said that the Pope will crown the King at
' p,|u?,,n r I I,...,, I.ilt I
T he I'ope, it i? said. would be contented to allow i
ministry to not Independently of him on the question
of war: if he does not, it is to be (eared that con?equetices
may ensue which would not only b? fnta!
to his authority, but perhaps involve results destrnctire
of Italian independence. Meanwhile, however
ull is in suspens o.
Our b'trman Corrc?j>onclencc,
Braum, July 24. 1848.
The (Ji- fit ion of the Kstabli shmt m of the Unity o
I lit Btatei- Tht Jtrchdnke John, 'he Recent.
The jtrent political problem now to be solved in tier
ninny, is net merely how to establish the diplomatic forn
if ? unity of the German States, but how to connec'
and unite the separate interests of the States for thi
promotion of the common interests of the nation. Thi
latter f? a question of vast difficulty On all the mos
important matters concerning the common interest
of the German nation, like the pstnhli-hment of a cus
tena nt ion throughout Germany, the future position
Germany means to occupy with respect t? her com
mercial relatione with foreign conntriee, and on othei
question* of equal moment, the contending interest!
of the different State*, especially of the North and
Scuth of Germany, will hare to be united. Then. th<
Noithern State*, particularly Hanover and the Han.
seatic town*, will hare to gire up a long cherished connecticn
with Kngland, and many and tender ties must
lie severed Austria, likewise, with her important commercial
position in the South, will have to unite with
the other German State*, in all that i* necessary foi
the promotion of the general interest* of the country
1 hue, it will he a difficult task to establish among nil
the different German States that degree of unity without
which the regeneration of Uernmny i* but a vain
hope This has now been so f?r acknowledged by the
gri at majority of the German people, that every en(leaver
is used in aiding to solve the great question)
concerning the establishment of the unity of Germany
An interest!n?r debate, with reirard to the recentinn
I ........v, 6**" j"" v"'"" ?" ""rwi?"?
I must observe they arc not universally credited here.
lluggiercsSettiuio has aiuce been appointed Licute- I
| nant General of the army of Sicily
At Messina, whilst the Gladiator was firing the salute j
: jti honor of the election of the King, the commandant |
| of the citadel threw five grenades on the fort. The ;
city did not deign to reply to this lire. The election |
of the King lias been received with enthusiasm at Cattanijetta.
Messina. Catania, and other cities. Feux I
dc joie and illuminatious have been general.
The inhabitants of Messina are overjoyed at the recognition
of the kingdom of Sicily by France and 1
Kn gland In this city, the public rejoicings have
kuown no bounds. Sicily presents to her young king j
the glorious remembrance of Frederick II of Arngon, '
elected spontaneously by the Sicilians, after a revolu?
tion.
| Our French C'orrosjxjiidcnre
Pari*, Aug. 3, IMS.
l The N rw Constitution?Humored Dissolution of the
' Ministry ? Red Republicanism and its Horrors ?
French .'lid solicited Turin, Milan and Venice,
against .lustria -Rirmored Formation of a Repuhlicin
j Milan. 4'c d'cThis
week has passed over without being marked by
any event worth recording Neither the Committee of
F.nquiry on the events of May and June, has publish.
' ed its report, nor has the Committee on the Constitution
approached the termination of its labors, it is
expected to-day, however, that the former committee
t will present its report to the Assembly, and I may possibly
he able, before I close this letter, to give you the
sub'tance of it.
t It is understood that fourteen out of flftoen of the !
bureaux, have rejected the system of two chambers : I
they will have no SeDate, but the Council of State wii1 I
be invested with functions analagous to those of the (
Senate.
It is also decided, (so far. at least, as the bureaux are ,
concerned), that the President shall be nominated by
I universal suffrage, and not. as some desired, by the
Assembly.
A serious ccltisloa has just taken place between the
Committee of Finance and the Minister, which will
lead, (it is said) to a complete dissolut ion of the Ministry.
M. Goudchaux. the Minister of Finance, M. Iiasi
tide. Minister of Foreign Affairs, and M. Reeurt. the I
Minister of rubltc Works, will be obliged to retire.? ;
[ This would be tantamount to a complete dissolution
of the present government.
I give you this as the public news; but it is right to
tell you also, ihat an opinion prevails very generally,
thai the republic, after all. is not destined to live. This
may, or may not be. well founded; but luch. nevertheless.
is the impression which prevails among a largo
body of well-informed, and In general, sound-judging
perrons The idea is, that France will relapse into a
constitutional monarchy, tbe crown of which will
probably be destined for the brows of the * ount de
Peris. It Is at the same time admitted that such a result
could only be arrived at through much bloodshed,
and would probably be preceded by a red republic '
it is impossible to convey to you the horror which
is entertained here, of ?hat Is called the red icpubllc. I
which is another name for a new reign of terror, sueh J
ss *i iiId have been established if Harbc*. Blahgui and ,
il? ,.ii.,..... .i?,i in, in the Castle of Vi ncen nca.
! had fncrtrdrd in their attempt on the l.ith May. t ?u
J will recollect tlmt Barbi * proposed thp re establishment
cf the guillotine. and a forced contribution of
i one thousand million-from the rieh. It was also de
clared that the republic could not be established until
.00 000 heed* ahould fall It was the horror inspired
, by thi*. that atimulated the National (iuard to the
i (leeda of valor which they enneted during the late in,
mrtrction The hei.rgt??/> of Paris I* determined to
sell ite life dearly, and to fall before barricade* rather
than on the scaffold erected by the ruffian* who compore
the socialist party.
Yon will read in tho journal." the oration ot M. Prud- '
hon. and of the loader* of *ociall*tu, in support of bis
proposition to confiscate one third of the property of the
country? a proposition which was rejected, by a majoilty
of bPl against '?!, one of the two being, of course,
M. Prudbon himself. One of the propositions of this
member of the Assembly Is, that females should be put
in seclusion, being fit only to breed children and suckle
them ; that it is a practical absurdity to say that they
can be regarded aa aoclety for men that they should be
trented aa an Inferior sort of animals, Ac Ac. And
yet, this is the man who is returned to the Assembly '
aa the representative of the city which claims to be the J
most civilised on the surface of the globe
Knroya hare just arrived here from Turin. Milan. | '
and Venice, to solicit the aid ofa French army against '
the Anstrians It is said the government cannot re- < '
fuse this
A report is clroulated that a republir has been proclaimed
at Milan.
Cbailes Albert baa been proclamed dictator at Turin 1
To-day has been signalised by the presentation to the ;
it
Lj 1J.
TWO CENTS.
Assembly of the report of the Committee of Knquiry
hh to the Insurrections of the 15th Me? en<l the rid
Jane. Thie document, which jnu will probehlj receive
at the same time with the present letter, is a very
voluminous one, and of the utmost importance Th <
rending of it oommenced to day, in the Assembly, at
two o'clock and took about three hours The members
c l the Assembly who are inculpated, as you will see,
nre principally MM. Ledru -Kollin, Caussidiere, and
l.ouis Ulanc. What the ulterior consequences may
te. it is difficult now to say; but you will probably learn
some of them liy the I.ondon journals of Saturday
the 5th. which will receive intelligence from here of
more recent date, by at least half a day, than this
letter. My neat letter, however, will put you in possession.
no doubt, of still more important details
Paris. August 3. llid
The Hourtt and .Ifnneij Market
It was supposed, seme ten days since, that the nev
|??U nt.uui inm u?tu me precursor Ol a IK mUC
change in th.i mnrket. This great financial measure
no favorably received, showed a return of confidence
by the oapit alintn in the government; and. ait day by
day, political afTuirH appeared to itsume a character of
greater calm and security, it wan expected that affair*
at the Uour.-c would reassume their wonted, aapect,
and that all securities would ripe. The loan waa preaentcd
to the chamber on Saturday, the U2d and
voted on the Monday ; aud yet, on the day after the
fall began to take a decided couree, and from the 22to
the 2l)th, there ?? a decline on the three* of ft 75,
nd on the five* of (5. This fall uppear* to have been
produced by the measure allowing the holder* of oer.
ilftcate* of subscription of the old loan of 1847, on
which Borne payment* had been made, to deliver them
in paymcntof subscription* to the now loan. The hold
der*of there certificate* were thu* enabled toobtain the
new loan at a rate below the market price of the f> per
i enti, and by their throwing them on the market, they
i ccacloned u general depreciation of all value*. The
i mount of these certificate*, thus paid into the treasury,
was estimated at twenty million* ; but thl* wan
not Ibe real measure of the rale*,since bolder* ou speculation
. seeing the fund* likely to contiuue in decline,
alho brought large amount* Into the market. In
addition to this, the Minister of Kiuance bad i*rued a
notice allowing capitalists to pay up at once all the instalment*
of the loan, and to receive stock immediately
! indlng the UDfavorahie effect of this measure.
in the present state of the market, he ha* withdrawn
this option, and postponed to some future day
the delivery of stock. This day is now fixed for the
12tli Of August.
The threes were well held, and showed much firmness
ft r several day*, in comparison with the five* ; but as
the holder* of treasury bonds hare now begun to receive
their 3 per cent stock in exchange for their bonds, and
have many of th?m brought their stock into tho
market the threes huve also since rapidly declined.
An additional cause of tho fail is the alarming state
of nflaii* of the liberating army lu Italy, of whoso reverse*
we have from liny to ilsy received accounts.
An envoy has barn pent from Milan to Parts to demand
(it is mill) the intervention of France immediately
Thin wax accompanied with new? of a rising
at Milan, and grave troubles at Turin. The general
opinion however, on the bourne in. that we ahall not
intervene immediately, i'rivate letters from the theatre
of war are mud to have added to the anxiety of the
market.
Account* from Ilome. too, are of no very encouraging
rliaracter tia regard* the causo of independence adding
to tlie probability of an intervention.
Three of the railway* have thin week had niuoli doing
in them, whilst all the rent have remained nearly stationary.
'J hey are the Lyons. Orleans, and North A
week ago, there was much uncertainty an to the Lyons;
but a* the treaty wns made at 7 SO of rtnlr agreed on
for the share*, subject only to thu approbation of the
Assembly, this seemed *ocertain an arrangemeut. and
the rate agreed on giving a certain benefit to the holler*.
that 'hi* line r?*e rapidly, and much business was
done in it. The Orleans, it seems, has had its loan all
readily *ub*crib? d for; and this, aud the removal of the
sequestration, which was in fact only a means of pre**rvlag
it from the injuries of the operatives, who had
struck, and threatened to breuk up the rails, and stop
the traflic. caused In one Uoursiaa rise from 670 to TOO.
The North tias also been much in request. The debt
of this company is about.it is said, to be converted
into bond*. payable at different periods; and as thit
would have the effect of freeing the funds of the company
from aelo avy present liability, nud preventing
an expected rail of 50 francs a share, this ltne net
with ready buyers, at a considerable rise.
1 subjoin a list of the prices for the week:?
3 Per 5 Per Treasury Bank if
Cents. Cents. Bom. Prance.
July 28 45 75 72 75 17 disc. 1670
2!> 44 75 72 18 20 " 1870
31 44 50 71 25 21 ' 1040
Aug. 1 44 71 22 " 16W
2 43 75 70 50 ? 1005
3 44 25 70 25 23 ' 1610
Very Important French Document?The In.
Hurrcctlon of June, and the Invasion of the
Aascnibly In May, die., &c.
-NATIONAL ASSg.MIU.VSITTINIi
OS T II t' R -O A V, AUGUST 3.
M. Mam ha or. tlie President, took the chair at halfpast
one.
A number of petitions were presented.
< ount !)*: Mon talkmhi:rt paesented a petition front
the I'striareh of Jerusalem, praying the French Itenub
lio to take uruli r its [ rotuction lh? Holy Sepulchre
The order of the ilay wax the report of the committee
appointed to examine Into the circumstances connected
with the insurrection of June, and the invasion of
the Assembly in May.
M Baithaht. t midst the deepest silence, ascended
tee tribune, lie eeuimenced^by rending the minutes of
the sittinK of the Assembly on the day on which the
committee was appointed. The committee was to examine
into the circumstances of the two events mentioned
above, being entrusted with full power to call
before It nil persons that were likely to throw light on
the matter, but without having a judicial character.?
The Assembly, the report went on to say, had evidently
considered that the events of June and May might
be connected ; and In consequence', had entrusted the
committee with very extensive powers. *The fullest investigations
had been entered into, and the committee
had in general met with the necessary co operation
from the peisons whom it had called before it Some
of the witnesses had, however, to keep back part of
their information, and others had appeared to )>< under
the impression of the most extreme terror, owing to
the dreadful events of June. Henceforward the
committee hoped that no further collision would
take place, as the causes which had led to the insurrection
of June seemed to be removed. The
report then alludes to the attack of May 15. and
praises theAssembly and the government for the moderation
w liirh ,tbey showed after that dreadful invasion.
The two events, that of May and that of June,agreed
in being directed against the National Assembly ; but
they ditlcred in this, that the first emanated from the
Socialist and communist parties, aod was. iu fsot. of a
political character; whereas that of June had Its
origiu in the sittings of the Luxembourg. The clubs,
the discourses, even the proper names connected with
the Luxembourg were mostly connected with the insurrection
of June. The committee had not found
any proofs of sums of money being generally distributed
for a dynastic purpose. The events of June
were undoubtedly connected together, though not so
intimately as might be supposed. The committee, In
it* investigation, hail taken a* it* stinting point the
day when the Assembly met in the fuse of tbe country.
Tbe report declared tbut the event* must remotely be
traced back to the mistaken view* of sou>? of the provisional
Kovirniucnt. with re*pert to the ri al ?ituatioit
of the country [agitation) : certain of their act* were
of *uoh a nature a* to produce a catastrophe of the
nonet serious character [renewed agitation]. The
cotnmittee bad found that mine of the agent* of the
government had conducted thepieelie* rao*t improperly
; and, in addition writing* had been di-tributeil
and agent* ent from Pari* to the province* from the
club-, with money taken fmm the secret service funds
of the minister of the interior (great agitation) The
report then alluded to the circular* of. M. I.edrn Rol.
lin and tbe 17th which had excited so much noise,
was read f rom the exp'nuution-, it appeared that a
woman. Known for hi r literary talent*, had sent
th-ee on the same day. anil the minister had. almost
by chance chosen one [agitation], it appeared that
Ihe expedition to Belgium had been organized by the
.'ivernment. ami paid by its fund* Difference*
irese and this and otlcr point* between the members
f the provisional government had added to the evil,
>j preventing a unity of view* in the internal government
of the country. The sitting* at the Luxemburg
had been most in.iurlnus, and the speeches of
tl. Louis Bianc had done the greatest possible inls hiof
M. Loris Blast I demand liberty to speak. tSeuation
)
M Bti riiiST went on. That genlleuiun wanted
he ministry of progress, at the head of which he
honid he placed That the other members refused to
iceideto and M. Arago had given the clearest evilence
of the pretensions of Louis Bianc Ths speeches
>f Hint latter gentleman bore the impress of his dissp
puiunurut. nuu ,d<>uucpu vim very worm eirocis on MO
Jelrgatcs of the workmen, who were necessarily prs>ent.
as woll as on the workmen themselves, who were
thefe as spectators. A great number of three speeches
lad never hern published, but the short-band writer
i"d preserved them oil tM. Banchart here read some
xtracts which were of the most Inflammatory charac:er)
Three speeches were known to the working
ilasses, in conee'iuence of their meeting in the nationil
workshops The bodies there increased, end became
in army of disaffected men, directed by the hand of
VI l.ouie Blano and M Caussldlire
M. CartaiaiKMK?It la true. (Agitation.)
M. Bah hakt went on to sketch the state of noolety
m Paris when no private work was going on, and "ben
iverythlng was adding to the disaffection. On April
Jd, M. < auseldl.re assembled 48 commissioners of police,
of Taris and the neighborhood, and then addreesrd
them on what was to be the line of conduct whieh
they ought to adopt to bring about the reign of the
people He, In his address, declared that If the oenntry
deputies rtfesed to act as the people wished, there
sere 300 000 organixed workmen, ready to force them
ind ali others (Agitation )
M CauMipiaaahrrrattrmptrdtokprdk, hut WM p*t