the southern
to it; and it
MR WEBSTER'S SPEECH.
Mr Webster delivered a three hours speech
in the U. S. Senate on the 7th inst.. on the
slavery question. Tkis speech appears to be re
ceived with . approbation by all
nres9es that we have seen allude
will, no doubt, produce a considerable change in
affairs at Washington. Th Washington Union,
in commenting upon the speech, says:
We were not present for several min
utes after he coinniencetl ; but tle first
Dositions wbicn ne arsueu alter we enier-
ed the Senate, and tor some time
LAYING OF THE CORNER-STONE
OF THE VIRGINIA WASHING
TON MONUMENT.
ARTICLES DEPOSITED. &o.
rosa the Richmond Enquirer.
Right W. Grand Secretary, John Dove,
. -r: ..;! hf1itiv haVitl"
! first read the following inscription
on
the
England, in 1652, in the 12th year of the
Colony.' A medal of Henry Clay. Bom
April 12, 1777; entered Congress, 1806;
elected Speaker, 1811; Treaty of Ghent,
1814; Sec'y of State, 1825.'
A brass Eagle, presented by II. Car
rinton Watkins of Amphtill, Chesterfield
coun ty, Feb. 21, 1850
U. S. Coin from the Mint viz: an ea
irle. half eaele. auarter eagle and dollar
lawyers say .that his opinions, even when
in the minority, are sound and correct.
Next to him, on the extreme right, is the
- .11 tl C .T II
nlace ol Senator vvoouuury, oi new nam
r. - .
stiire
He has long been a man of note.
delity
studj?
- ll i II i...ir JIU. - l l.nr
same, viz: , piece in goiu, a mmar, nun unai, tjuanci t
This corner-stone oi a juunumim ,0nar, dime and hall dime in silver, ana a
after
memory of the illustrious Ueorge as.ii
ingtonburn 22d Feb'y, 1732, died loth
1700: firt President of the U. b.
! cent and half cent in copper, all
' nr tm.fi. inn nl iftao.
oft!
i I a I iinatitiiliiiP
wards, were so decidedly opposed to s'ave- tf yortk Amcr.cn, founded October, in the Agricultural Societv,
ry and the southern aspect ol the question, vear tti our i,int 1780, by the nil lowing j 1849.
that we despaired ot anything ; states: Delaware, Pennsylvania, wew Jer- Two coins ot the
to settle this dangerous and agnaung 9ey Georgia, Connecticut, JVIassachusetts, R(imp nrcs.nted by '
tion, from his lips. W e are do Maryland, South Carolina. New Damp- Th;je coins; two ol
ever, to state tnai we iu shire, Virginia, New York, Worth Uuroii- -th Virginia
Virginia
le un-
State
- - l . I a.
ter ereat injustire, and mat me last pari
of hi speech amply redeemed what we
thought the errors of the first. Praise
fronthis quarter comes so rarely upon
the Senator from Massachusetts, that we
almost hesitate to utter it upon the present
occasion. We presume that he will set
little value upon any thing which may fall j
from our pen ; but we feel bound to state I
frankly our impressions of his speech, j
We had expected very little irom Mr
Webster. We doubted very much wheth
er he would dare to come out and lay his
tribute upon the altar of his country. But
we must say that his whole speech was
ery able, and the last part of it was mark
ed with great intrepidity, frankness, and
liberality. We trust in Heaven that he has
nut spoken in vain. We cannot but en
tertain the fervent hope that Mr Webster
will essentially contribute to the adjust
ment of this distracting controversy. lie
contended that Congress was bound, with
the consent of Texas, to establish tour slave
States south of the line of 3G degrees.
He declared his conviction th:it Nature
herself had passed irrepealable laws, which
would forbid the settlement of slaves in
m f - -SwT a .1
cauiornia ami Aew .Mexico; ana mere-:
fore he would not consent to do an act
which was derogatory and insulting to the
South, in incorporating the Wilmot pro
viso with any government which might he
organized for these Territories. lie re
probated with great force the course of
the abolitionists of the North, whose fana
ticism had counteracted their own designs
to loosen the bonds of slavery in the
South. He freely admitted mat the North
had not carried out her constitutional obli
gations to restore fugitive slaves, and
pledged himself to co-operate in the imme
diate passage of a new and more efficient
law for this purpose.
1 t 1 1 I " 1 1 il.
na, anu Khnue lsianu, was iaui oy me
State of Virginia on the 22d of Feb'y, Anno
Lucis5850, Anno Domini 1850 His Ex
cellency John B. Floyd being Governor
John Mercer Patton, Lieut. Gov.; Raleigh
Travels Daniel and John F. Wily, Coun
cillors: Wm F Ritchie. Geo W Munford,
Sx7 The following good humored hit at
the Register is from a whig paper, which
makes it amusingly pungent :
f rom the Hornet's Xe-t.
Our friend of the Raleigh Register: (he
will permit us to cull him friend it we do
have major or minor diRVrences.) well, our
friend since Badger's sneech has made its
appearance, won't con fens anr 'chmige in
his opinions,' but very iu;.i'erl v, and like
a young miss peeping slily from under her
bonnet, says :
" XVe must confess at the same time, tint our
former belief , that the admission of California
would calm much of the prevailing agitation and
excitement, has been greatly shaken by recent
events."
Quere: Mr Badger's speech. Ed ll.N
"But we await further indications."
To hear from Mr Badger, for instance
Now, Mr Register, why ilid'nt you wait
for further indications before you w ent
so strong for the admission of California?
And why did'nt you 'await indications '
before you opposed the Southern Conven
tion? But no, you just drove ahead with
the two in hand,' without check-rein or
bit, and it is 110 wonder you were brought
up all standing upon the edge of a preci-
fitce, and had to exclaim before you drove
arther into the dim uncertain "'Je await
further indications.''''
The New Orleans Delta eives the
Bulletin a just rebuke for using the stereo
type phrase of the Free Soil e i s in branding
the southern Convention as one that w ill he
composed of officious disumonists. No
purer sentiment of patriotism ever ani
mated a people than prevails in favor of
this Convention. We venture to say that
take from the South all that is in favor of
it, and the residuum w ill be the very inran-
mi ami uiosi corrupt ami nmid 01 ail our
political materials. Sav. Georgian.
N M Martin, T B Giles, J M Wickham
and J M Botts being the Commissioners;
In the presence of Wis Excellency. Zach
ary Taylor, President of the U.S.; fiMil
lard Fillmore, Vice President; J M Clay
ton, Secretary of State: Wm M Meredith,
Secretary of the Treasury; Wm B Pres
ton, Secretary of the Navy; Geo W Craw
ford, Secretary f War; Thomas Kwing,
Secretary of the Interior; Jacob Collainer,
Postmaster General ; and Reverdy John
son, Attorney General;) and of the General
Assembly of Virginia, Win 11 Dennis be
ing Speaker of the Senate, and II L Hop
kins Speaker of the House of Delegates:
Assisted by the fraternity of Free and
Accepted Masons of Virginia, in Grand
Ijodge assembled.
Mot Worshipful James Points, Grand
Master; Right Worshipful James Evans,
I). G. Mast?r; Worshiplul E P Hunter, G.
Sen'r Warden; Worshipful J A Litch, G.
Jun'r Warden; Worshipful John Dove, G.
Secretary; Worshipful Thos U Dudley, G.
Treasurer.
This Monument was designed by Thos.
Crawford, American Sculptor.- Engraved
by J B Martin.
lrticles deposited in the corner-stone of tie
IVashington Monument.
Bible, Prayer Book, Webster's Spelling
Book and Dictionary, Warrock's Virginia
and North Carolina Almanac, and Masonic
Text Book.
An ear of Indian Corn, the product of a
grain of one deposited in the corner stone
of the Washington Monument at the city
of Washington in 1848.
A piece of Gen. George Washington's
Mahogany Coilin, taken from the vault at
Mount Vernon, when his remains were de
posited in a stone sarcophagus; presented
to Potomac Lodge of Masons by Lore 117.0
Lewis, grand nephew of the General, Oct.
1837, and by them to the Grand Lodge ot"
Virginia for deposite in this stone.
An emblem presented by John Beazly,
with this inscription: This emblem of the
durability of the fame of the illustrious
Wa-hingtoti, is deposited in this corner
stone by John Bea7.1y of Spottsylvania co.,
Va . Feb. 2id, 185(K"
Extract in parchment from the records
of Fredericksburg Lodge, commencing
Sept., 1752, ending Dec, 1764, showing
the initiation ot teorge v asnington as
Apprentice and his promotion as Master
Mason.
The Constitution of the U. S.; the De
claration of Independence; Madison's Re
port and the Virginia and Kentucky Reso
lutions; the present Constitution ot Virgi
ma; tne neoates in me v uginia conven
tion of 1829-'30: the New Code of Va.,
1849; Washington's Farewell Address.
Memorial of the committee of the His
torical Society, viz : B B Minor. Win H
Macfarland, Jas Lyons, and 1 S Tinsley,
to the General Assembly, for a Monument
to Washington, and the report of said com
mittee to the Historical Jociety
The Charter and By-Laws of the Virgi
ginia and Tennessee Railroad Company,
and the second annual Report of the Pre
sident, (Gen. Odin G. Clay,) and Direc
tors to the stockholders of the Virginia and
Tennessee Railroad Company
of the
organized February
modern Republic of
rhomas Crawford.
the reign of George
on the reverse; one of
George III, with Virginia on the reverse,
presented by Thomas H. Ellis.
The several papers issued in the City on
the 22d February, 1850. The Daily and
Weekly Richmond Whig and Public Ad
vertiser, the Daily Richmond Times, The
Daily and Country Richmond Enquirer,
Richmond Weekly Examiner, Richmond
Dailv Republican, Richmond Telegraph,
Religious Herald, Watchman and Obser
ver, Banner of Temperance, Richmond
Christian Advocate, Southern Planter.
Proceedings of the Baptist General As
sociation of Virginia, held 5th of June,
1847-
The Inscription from Hudson's Statue
of Washington, erected by the General
Assembly of Virginia, and placed in the
Capi ttd.
A copy of the By-Laws of the several
Volunteer companies of the City. The
Richmond Light Dragoons, the Kichmonu
Fayette Artillerv. Richmond Greys, Eagle
.. . .... a r 111
Infantry, Richmond ligiit infantry uiues
Plan ot Richmond, Manchester
and
Mor-
Spring Hitl, Virginia, by Charles S
gan, 1848.
Philadelphia Courier, 1850, by Charles
S.
Morjran.
SUPREME COURT OF THE U. S.
One of the most interesting visits in
Washington is to the Supreme Court of the
United States. The court rooni is in the
northern wing of the Capitol, on the ground
floor. It is broken by pillars and arched
walls, and is badly lighted. It is hand
somely furnished, with rich Wilton carpets,
silken drapery, &c. J he ngnt is aummeu
from the rear windows alone, ami me
Judges sit with their backs to the light; the
counsel whoaddress them can scarcely see
their faces. At 11 o'clock they enter de
liberately, all dressed in black and with
.mivim. After thev are seated, the crier
"proclaims, Ovez, oyez, oyez! the Su
preme Court of the United States is now in
session; all persons having business therein
are admonished to draw near and
their attendance. God save the United
States and these honorable Judges.''
I will now attempt to describe the court.
In the centre sits the Chief Justice, Roger
B. Taney, of Maryland. He is tall, sal-
low, thin, hard-featured, and careless in
dress. His history is well known. As
General Jackson's attorney general, he had
no hesitation in advisinr that the removal
of the deposits from the Bank of the United
States, bv the President s order, was valid.
and when Mi Duane refused to remove the
treasure, Mr Taney took his place as Sec
retary of the Treasury, and gave the order
required by the President. He stood very
high at the bar ot Maryland, anu is un
Questionably a man of great power of intel
Ipr.t. His oninions are terse, pointed and
luminous, not encumbered with unneces
sary learning, but exceedingly logical am
convincing. He has great tenacity o
purpose and strength ol will, and I may
add, stubborn prejudices. The sincerity
of his convictions 110 one doubts. There
is about him an unmistakable air of intel
lect and authority, and he is a not unwor
thy successor of John Marshal. He is a
devout Roman Catholic, and rizid in his
1 r 1 t r
Aa governor and judge in his own State,
and as senator anu secretary ui uco
ln he has been distinguished for fi-
U,T . . r. :.i
to his party, anu ior uhwmucu
and labor. He is nearly six
1 1 . c . .1 ml rnmnart
in neistni, 01 rouuu r
form, well moulded features, a prominent
and bright eye, that at a distance appears
dark, but on nearer view is seen to be a
bluish gray He is strictly temperate
1 . I n lr a nnfliintr hilt fold
in HIS imuusj uiiuni w....e
water, and a great deal of that, and
works with surpassing rapidity and
earnestness. He has great talent for
research, and his opinions are crowded
with its results. As a reasoner, he is
cogent and accurate, but not concise, and
is apt to spend too much labor in proving
what ought to be assumed as settled. His
decisions would be the better for pruning
and thinning, but the growth is deep
rooted and vigorous. He is a very able
judge. As a politician, he has always been
a "lleinocrat " and a supporter of southern
rights and no northern man could be
more acceptable to the " democracy ' of
the soutli as presidential candidate.
We will now look to the left of the. Chief
Justice. The first is Justice Wayne from
Georgia, formerly a member of Congress
from that State, and a very warm personal
and political friend of Secretary borsyth.
it 1 1
le is an exceedingly handsome man, anoui
live leet ten mimes mgn, i smui uul
graceful figure, ruddy complexion, nne
teeth, and clustering, wavy hair, now min-
irled with gray ; very courteous in man-
ner, and with a tone ot rennement in his
elocution and address that is very pleasing.
He has cultivated the graces, and has
aimed, fit is said not without success) to
be in favor w ith the ladies. lie lias an in
genious, copious mind is lluent and rapid
in expression, Dut lacKs conciseness, iticui
arrangement and vigor
by so means deficient in
of a technical character.
the Harem opened- ,
Mr Bartlett, the English artistic trav
eller, who has to well illustrated, with
pen and pencil, the scenery of Jerusalem,
and the desert through which the Israel
ites passed, gives in his Nile Boat " the
following curious proof that the ancient
customs of the east are giving way. It
occurred in Damascus :
Some of the higher illuminati showed
a secret pleasure in evincing their emanci
pation from the prejudices of their fore
fathers. Of this class principally were
the 'visitors to the consul's house. I was
on oue occasion engaged in drawing the
costume of a native female servant, when
a man of some distinction entered, a Mol
lahofhigh descent -claiming as his an
cestor no less a personage than the father
of Avesha, the favorite wife of the Pro
phet "himself. His demeanor was accord
ingly grave and dignified ; and. as I after
wards remarked, he was saluted in the
streets with singular respect. His amuse
ment was extremely great as he saw the
girl's figure rapidly transferred to paper ;
he smiled, from time to time, as if occupi
ed with some pleasant idea, of which at
length he delivered himself, expressing
his wish, to our infinite surprise, that I
should come to his house in company with
the consul, and take a drawing of his fa
vorite wife. It may be-supposed that so
singular an invitation, one so opposed to
every Mussulman prejudice, and even
established custom, much amazed and
excited us.
At the appointed hour we repaired to
the old Mollah's abode. Externally, un
like the houses in Cairo, it presented
TERRIBLE STEAMBOAT, DISASTER
nestructwn vfthe SuamerSf. John. Aw.
, ful Loss of Life. ; "
Montgomery (Ala.) March 7 We have
intelligence that the steamer St John wis
bjirnt to the water's edge, nw BritepS?-
Dales county, on her wav r- Fvr9
1 uesuay :vr...ng aoout 5 o'clock It U
supposed that about thirtv n.
buVnt to death or drowned? WerC
The fire was accidental, ami
from the heat of the boilers? All h
ladies on board, seven in number w
burnt to death or drowned. Lieut. Ri"
United States army, lost $250,000. Sev
eral Californians lost their all. Their in
surance on the boat was 220,000, and she
was worth $40,000.
MEXICO Annexation to the United
States Return of Santa Anna. Mr Wal
ter M Gibson, who recently went to Mex
ico on official business, and who has made
a pretty extended survey, has returned to
New York, and communicated several
interesting items of intelligence concern
ing the social and political condition of
the country.
The aspect of affairs at the capital
was very stormy at the time of Mr G.'s
visit. Troops were at one time ordered
out to surround the excited localities, and
an outbreak was expected at the theatre.
A feeling in favor of annexation to the
United States prevails among the mon
archists, who comprise the wealthy Span
iards; or if that cannot be obtained, then
tr.ey wish the adoption of some mode of
He is, however,
learning, even
Next to him is Judge Nelson, a man of
handsome features, bland and gentleman
like in expression, very courteous in man
ner, and dignified, yet easy, in deport
ment He possesses mucn good sense and
is an excellent lawyer His apprehension
is not rapid, but he thinks clearly ami rea
sons strongly. He is probably the best
commercial lawyer on the Bench, thanks
to his New York education. Since his
elevation to his present place, he has shown
an unusual degree of energy and industry.
and is evidently working lor a reputation.
He is not suspected of ulterior political
views, ami his integrity and independence
are not doubted.
Judge McKinley, of Alabama, is not
here. He is in New Orleans, holding his
circuit there, ami principally with a view
to attend to the trial of Airs Gains's cases.
Judire Grier, of Pa., has a larre broad !
form, an expansive angular brow, blue eye,
and looks like a strong-minded, sagacious
German such. 1 believe, is his descent
QMore probably Scotch Ed. Tribune-
His voice is verv curious: he reads in a
low, monotonous tone for some seco ids,
and then he will catch on a word, to spin
round it as on a pivot, and start oft" to re
new the same course. His opinions are
unpretending and sensible, well rxprt-ssed
and concise. His position as a judge is
hardly yet defined.
On the right of the judges, separated by
a railing, is the desk of the clerk, Mr Car
roll, lie is a brother of Hon. Chis. II.
Carroll, of Livingston County. S. Y. hois
a model of what a clerk should be neat,
prompt, assiduous and courteous, and is in
every respect an honorable and accomplish
ed gentleman.
On the left hand side, we find the desk
of Air Wallach, the youthful marshal of the
district. . lie is verv attentive to visiters i n
01 me couri; iaKes care 01 me lauies wno
drop in, atid provides them with seats.
which we were ushered was spacious and
splendid; marble-paved, with a bubbling
fountain in the midst, and a roof supported
on wooden beams highly enriched and gilt
in the arabesque fashion. A large door,
across which was slung a heavy leathern
curtain, which could be unclosed and shut
at pleasure, similar -to that adopted in
Catholic churches in Italy, opened on the
court, from which another communicated
with the mysterious apartments of the
harem. Wre seated ourselves on the divan.
Our host shortly entered, smiling at his
nothing but a long dark wall upon the side j colonization irom Europe, unuer tiie agen
of a narrow, dirty lane ; within, however, i cy of American companies. This latter
every thing bore testimony to the wealth j feeling is earnest anil extensive, and tlie
ami luxury of its owner. The saloon into plan for colonization is based upon the
purcnase 01 laigt; n,n.i "i- uiu in ine
State of Vera Cruz by American capital
ists, and the settlement thereon of a large
emigration from Germany. France, Eng
land, in a body large enough to secure
them from loss by depredations or other
wise. Mr G. has a memorial from the
owners of fifty-two haciendas in the State
of Vera Crnz. asking that this plan may
tdopted- Many of them are decidedly
j Col. Frmont, the California Senator, has
arrived at New York, on his way to Washington.
Hit health is said to be bad.
For tbe Carolinian.
Faypttetille, March 10, 1850.
At a meetingof the Members of the Fav
ettcville Independent Light Infantry Com
pany, held this day, the following Pream
Resolutions were unanimously
Almighty
bU and
adopted;
W htrcas, it has pleased the
.uir 01 events to remove Irom amongst us
our late feltow-soldier and companion in
arms. Win. N. Starr, by w hich we are be
reaved of an efficient member, an esteem
ed companion, and valued friend.
Resolved, that whilst we bow with be
coming reverence to the will of Him at
whose mandate our respected and esteemed
friend and fellow soldiei has been consign
ed to hi late resting place, we cannot con
template the event without emotions of the
deepest regret and sorrow.
Resolved, That in testimony of the res
pect we entertain for the memory of our
late companion, we will wear-.the usual
badge of mourning for the space of thirty
days. .
Resolved, That a copy of these proceed
ings be delivered to the family of the de
ceased, with a tender of our condolence
ant sympathies wh ihero ii, their sad and
melancholy bereavement, and that the same
be publisned in toe town uaois
JOHN WILKINSON, Sec'y.
The Virginia Historical Register and
Literary Note Rook, vol. 1st, for the year
1848. and the January No. 1850; and an
account of Discoveries in the West until
1519. and of Voyages to and along the
Atlantic coast of North America, from 1520
to 1573, prepared for the Virginia Histori
cal and Philosophical Society, by Conway
Robinson, Chairman of it Kxecutive Com
mittee, wild published by the society all
presented bv the Virginia Historical So-
cictv, &c.
The correspondence of the James River
and Kanawha Company with the Governor,
&.c, touching the corner stone presented
for the Virginia Washington Monument
also the reports of said company for sev
eral years.
The portraits of Gen. and Mrs Wash
ington, from the originals at Arlington
House, dagueneotyped by Win A Pratt &
Co, Richmond, Va-
Two medals presented by Mrs Dolly
Madison f wife of Kx-President Madison)
to R G Scott, Esq, and by him presented,
viz: a likeness of Washington, marked
"George Washington, Pres. U. S ;" and
on the reverse, nanus joineu, wuu me
motto Peace and Friendship and a
medal with a sketch of the battle ot the
Cow-pens, with the following inscriptions :
Victoria Libertatis vindex; Fugatis, cap
tis aut ccesis ad Cowpens hostibus, XVII,
Jan. 1781, 0 and " Daniel Morgan Duci
Exercitus," 'crowned with laurel,) and
Comitia Americana."
Medals presented by Abraham Levy, sr,
viz: Gen. Lafayette,' The defender of
French and American Liberty, 1777
1 324 Born in Chavagnac, the 6th Sept.,
1757.' "Geo. Washington, 1796 ; Gen
eral of the American armies, 1 775; re
signed the command, 1785; elected Pre
sident of the U. S. 1789 ; resigned Jthe
Presidency, 1796 a silver coin of New
observance of religious forms and duties.
On the. right hand of the Chief Justice,
sits Mr Justice McLean, of Ohio. This
gentleman was postmaster general under
Mr Adams, and continued so for a very
short time under General Jackson when
he was transferred to the branch of the
Supreme Court. He is a well-dressed,
dignified person, about six feet in height,
exceedingly well formed, with fine teeth,
a clear grey eye, lofty brow and forehead,
thin hair but not gray, and in the general
outline of his features, the breadth of the
lower part of his face and the general car
riage of his head, exceedingly like the stat
ue of Washington by Houghton in the cap
ital at Richmond. He is an upright and
sensible man, with unquestionable admin
istrative talents, but not an accurate or
profound lawyer. It is believed by some
that he is not satisned witn nis present po
sition, but is desirous of obtaining a higher
station. tie is a member ot the Methodist
church, and is in high favor .with that de-
nomination. Justice Catron, of Tennes
see, is next to McLean. He is a stout,
healthy man, respectable and solid in ap
pearance, with a face and head more indi
cative of urbanity and benevolence than of
intellect. With good sense, moderate
learning, great benevolence ot feeling and
kindness, of demeanor, he is universally
regarded as a useful, unpretending judge.
Next to him we find Judge Daniel, of
Virginia He was nominated by Mr van
Buren, shortly before the termination of
that gentleman's presidency, principally on
account of his political services and
devotedness. He is tall, bony, angular,
with high cheek bones and dark, complex
ion, and looks as if he had some Indian
blood in his veins.. His mind is narrow in
! its conceptions, and limited in its investi-
ligations, anu ins siyie is crude anu con
fused. But his learning is accurate and
his deductions sound and clear. He often
dissents from the majority of the court, and
not unfrequently in favor of State rights. j
His attachment to tnese rentier him a val
uable member of the court. His amiabil
ity and honesty arc universally conceded;
and is ever ready to extend kind atten
tions to all strangers
own tnougnis. asoeioie- ne iiduch his
tiwban snd pelisse; retaining on only his
red cap and silk jacket. lie rubbed his
hands continually ; his eyes twinkled ami
he seemed to abandon himself entirely to
the merry humor of the moment.
A few words had hardly passed before
the curtain was gently pushed aside. The
lady, like a timid fawn, peeped in ; then,
closing the curtain, advanced a few steps
into the room, watching the eye of her hus
bund, who, without rising, half laughing,
yet half commanding, beckoned her to a
seat on the divan while we our hands on
our bosoms in the oriental fashion bent
respectfully as she come forward and plac
ed herself between the idd Mullah and Mr
Farren: Speaking Arabic well, the latter
was enabled to commence a conversation,
in which, after some alight hesitation at
this first introduction to mixed society, the
lady appeared to bear her part with much
ease and vivacity: This delighted her
husband, who could hardly help express
ing his satisfaction by laughing outright,
so proud was he of the talent of his wife,
and so tickled with the novelty of the
whole affair.
While this was going forward, I observ
ed that the curtain of the door was drawn
aside by a w hite hand, But so gently as
not as first to attract the attention of the
Moilah, and a very lovely face, with all
the excitement of trembinir curiosity in
its laughing black eyes, peered into the
apartment; then another, till some half
dozen were looking over one another's
shoulders, furtively glancing at the Giaour
the most earnest snence, a peeping
at the old fellow to see it they
were noticed. Emboldened bv this impu-
be
in favor of annexation.
The desire for the return of Santa
Anna was growing broad and deep, and
it was felt more and more, daily, that
he is the only man who can control the
destinies of Mexico. '
TlIK FoitCK OK I MA OI NATION'. A LllC-
chesse peasant, shooting sparrows, saw lU
dog attacked by a strange and ferocious
ma st ill. lie tried to separate the animal.,
and received a bite from his own do,
w hich instantly ran oft' through the fields.
The wound was healed in few days, and
tiie dog was not found ; and the peasant,
after some time, began to feel symptoms
of nervous agitation. He conceived that
the dog, from disappearing, was mad ; and,
within a day or two after this idea had
struck him, he began to feel symptoms of
hydrophobia. They grew hourly more
violent ; he raved and had all the eviden
ces of this most violent distemper. As
he lay, with the door opened to let in the
last air that he had to breath, he heard hi
dog bark. The animal ran up to his bid-
side and frolicked about the room. It was
clear that he, at least, was in perfect
health. The peasant's mind was relieved
instantly ; he got up with renewed strength,
dressed himsell, plunged his head into a
basin of water, and, thus refreshed, walk
ed into the room to his astonished family
The statement is made in a memoir by
Professor Barhautiiii ; and it is not impro
bable that many attacks of a disease no
strongly dependant on the imagination
might be equally cured, by ascertaining
the state of the animal by which the bite
was "iveti.
edge way
nity, and provoked by the ludicrousness of
our visages, they becan to criticise the
The attorney general has a separate desk ; Giaour freely ; tittering, whispering, and
comparing notes so loudly, that the noise
in tne courtroom, and an adjoining omce.
Mr Reverdy Johnson was foremost in the j
Baltimore bar, and ranks very high as a
learned lawyer and able reasoner. There
is a great deal of energy and imlependauce
in his look and bearing the mode of speak
ing. He is of good statue, erect and
strong, put powerful figure, strongly mark
ed features, and with no softness of speech
or manner. His style ot reasoning is clear
and strong, but diffuse.
1 will allude to but one other officer of
the court its oldest counselor in attend
ance, and a most able and distinguished
lawyer General Walter Jones, the rival
of Pinckney and Wirt, and Webster, and
other leading counsel in past days. Asa
common-law counselor, he excelled them
all in depth and variety of learning. He
has received enormous fees in former
aI II t 1 11
nines, 51110, nas naci several large legacies,
but is now without fortune and still enga
ged in practise, although he must be more
than 70 years old- He speaks slowly and
in a low tone, but with great purity of dic
tion and clearness of thought. There is,
however, a great want of force in his man
ner, and lew listen to him. Washington
wrresponaence of the JV. Y. Tribune.
attracted the attention of the old man, who
turned round his head, when the curtain
instantly popped to, ami all again was
silent.
But ere long these lively children of a
larger growth, impelled by irresistible cu
riosity, returned again to their station.
Their remarks were now hardly restrained
within a whisper, and they chatted and
laughed with a total defiance of decorum.
The favorite bit her lips, and looked every
inch a sultana at this intolerable interrup
tion : whereupon the olcl man ravely
arose and drove them back into the harem,
as some old pledaaonue would a bevy of
noisy romps.
Delivered from this interruption, the lady
at a sirn from her lieire lord, nroceeded r v fT-n-ili in tn,itv t"r.m Samntnn. u
- j m j 1 j t 1 .
to assume the pose required for the draw- reeling issues to be tried in the Superb
ing. sne assumed lor the occasion her Court; 111 Watsou v Mateer. in equity iro"'
ncnesi adornments ; tier oval Headdress Kockinirham, directing a decree tor pia"
01 mingled flowers anil oearU : her
It is estimated that upwards of thirty
luuuaanu cnuaren have, within the Dast
C f. . . . - -
i nny years, Deen christened George Wash
ingtou.
U3- I he capital of Alabama is to be rebuilt
at Montgomery. $60,000 are appropriated.
Taylor & Underwood
Are now receiving their stock of
SPRING & SUMMER
SUPREME COURT.
The following additional decisions have
been delivered.
By Ituhin, C. J In Trice v Turren
tine from Orangejudgement reversed, re
pleader ordered, and a venire.de, novu
awarded; in Jackson v Hampton, from
Surry, directing judgement to be rendered
on the verdict; in State v Dove, from How
an, affirming the judgement; in Wicker v
Roberts, from Stokes; judgement beM
reversed and judgement here for "plaintiff,
in Tisdall v Baily. in equity," from John
ston; decree for plaintiff; Henderson v
Womack, in equity, from Caswell; in
Mills v Adams, in equity, from Ruther
ford, dismissing the bill with costs; in I'1'
gram v Kirkpatrick; in equity, from Iticli
1110ml declaring the plaintitt'entitled to au
account.
By Pearson. J. In Doe ex dem. Heel
v Earnhart, from Rowan, affirming t,c
judgment; in Wiswall v Brinson, fn""
i Beaufort. amrminnr the iudirement: in Fi'1
It
1
t
4
Embracing a general assortment of
DRY GOODS, Hats Shoes.
, Bonn ets & Sti aw, Goods.
Coopers and 'Smiths' Tools ; Turpentine do.;
Hardware, Coffee, Sugar, Iron, Nails, and Crock
ery. ' .
March 16, 1S50. - 3m.
was
large, close-fitting robe, openi at the
sleeves, and halfway down the figure,
was of striped silk' : a splendid shawl was
wreathed gracefully around the loins, and
a rich sort of jacket was thrown over the
rest of her attire. Her feet were thrust
into embroidered slippers, but the ele
gance of her gait was impaired by her
walking on a sort large ornamented pat
terns some inches from the ground. It
may be supposed that I did not keep the
lady standing longer than was necessary.
When I had finished, our host, with a
smile ot peculiar significance directed her
attention to a small carved cupboard, or
namented with pearl, from which she pro
ceeded to draw forth mirabiie dictu! a
glass vessel containing that particular
liquor forbidden to the faithful, and pour
ing it out in glasses handed it to us all,
then, at her husband's suggestion, helped
herself ; and, as we pledged each other,
the exoneration of our pious Mussulman
entertainer seemed to know no bound."
tiir.
By Nash, J In Festerman v Parker,
from Auson, affirming the judgement; 10
Barber v Arinstead, from Wake, directing
a venire de novo; in Homer y Dunnegajjj
from Orange, inequity, dismissing the J)'
with costs; in Dunn vPatterson, i"60"',,'
from Franklin, directing the report of t
Clerk to be opened for further testimo".
.RELIABLE TESTIMONY.
Waahingtoa North C"tc,v
Mr Fowle Dear Sir: '-Air Herre HiU.vhoae er0(i
is given below, is one of our most rciipctable n
farmers, and his wife bow enjoys good health-
Very respectfully Ji.r, M p."
Wm. A. SHAWm " .
Bean fort County. North CroHn- 1jUT
Chocowinity, near Washington, Th Aug.
The undersigned, feelins enteral far the reti ,LP
by the use ot Dr. WISTAR'S to
CHERRY, deems that it Is but an t f Ju.fl'ie, V
that for th. use of that Taluahle remedy. j'tts)r
afllieted with what she and all others eouaidere ,,t
tiea would have urobably been, eretb-nL,, bf
ail the dangerous and unpleasant yro5?-ow at"8
removed by the una of a few bottles, and n "
to her daily arooations as usual. roVfV llll
.Irnl I. "
-
1
r
-.
I
Nona ia
Wrapper.
Fortfale in Fayetteville, by S. J-
HINSD
Alt
ft'