" TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1802.)
PORTSMOUTZH : (New-Hampsare) Pusrisuep sy NATHANIEL S. ¢ W. PEIRCE, Prixters 1o tne State, anp PrINTERS OF THE LAWS bt Tut Unitep StaThé,
7
MISCELLANY.
T —————————
¥ oy For the N. H. Gazette,
The Rural Loiterer—No. 111.
Now there cried ‘a‘c‘cnain woman of the
wives of the sons of the propbets unto
Ehfbha, fa3ying ; Thy servant, my husband
is dead ; and thou knoweft <hat thy fer.
vant did fearthe Lo g p : and ths cred
-1107 is. come to take vnio him my two
~ {ons to be bond-men. II Kiogs, iv. Ift.
I_ OW degrading to the name of
I man s the infamous commerce
in the fleth and blood of our own spe
cies ! The other parts of creationy and
particulariy {fome animals of the most
unpolithed and ferocious kinds, feck
not the deltrution of their own spe
cies.—The roaring Lion, which tra
verses the uncultivated plains ‘of Af
rica ; the fierce Leopard, and the fu
rious Tiger, has not so far broken the
laws of natuce, as to crimson its jaws,
and satiate iis appetite, on an animal
of the fame {pecies with ufelf.—But
man, civilized and human man, does
worse than to plunge the dagger of
death into the bosom of a fellow crea
ture who is incapable of giving him
the smallest offence. Yes, man, whe
is nearer allied to the Deity, than a
ny other part of creation, crofles the
wide Atlantic to enslave his brother
¢t because his Lead is woolly and his
skin is dark.” '
It is avarice, that baneful paflion of
the human heart, which ftoos to the
meanest and the molt execrable means
to promote its favarite views, that firft
introduced a traflic, which ought to
have branded its inventer with the
blackelt infamy. What! thall man
carry the sword of freedom iu one
hand and the chain of f{lavery ia the
other !—Skal!l the voice of humanity
be stilled by the vociferous tongue of
public or private interelt !— QO thame
on the chara&er of man, when he can
range the African coast, and bear an
ignorant people from their native foil;
from the dear embraces of each ten
der friend ! Can there be any 1o stu
pid, or partial to themlelves, as to fup
poizc Deity has intended the unfortu
nate inhabitant of Africa for a slave
to his lordly and powerful neightor !
If there is, I would fay, S
¢tSend your {terd gaze from Lapland to the
line, '
And ev’ry region’s natwves fairly [can,
Their forms, their force, their facclies
combine ;
And own the valt variety of man.”
Some mnoble exertions have beed
made in the Britith House of Com
mons to fupprels thisabominable com
merce ; and a certayn member has
merited the wreath of humanity by
his great exertions, in favor of the
wretched African.
Humanity is certajuly as brilliant
a virtue, as enters into the composi
tion of the mind of man; and in per
forming humane a&icns there is a
sensation, grateful as the “limpid
fiream to a thirlty fwain.”’ ——lnmy
text, we hear the unaffefted complaint
of an wnhappy mother, from whom
the avarice of an unfeeling creditor
was going to tear the children of her
bosom. 3
How pathetic is her complaint to
the good prophet Elisha '—He, un
like the flinty bosom of the merciless
creditor, was moved with the “tender
tale,”” and by the afliltance of Heaven,
which ever attends the virtucus and
the good, concerted means whereby
to prevent the unhappy young men
frem becoming “bondmen,” or slaves,
‘¥a merciless tyrant.—How often 1t
happens that those who are our greai
elt intimates and acquaintances, but
who do not deserve the name ‘of
friends, when we are in prosperity, be
come our most powerful and greatest
enemies in adversity, which, probably,
was the case with the woman in my
text ;---when her husband was living
the creditor was all affability and
kindness, but the moment he is dead,
and there is no profpeét of obtaining
any more * loaves and fithes,”” his
friendfhip vanishes, like the shining
stars at the approach of morning, and
almost tempts us to fay,
: ’MA&, whgy{ir{;ndﬁ&p but a name,
~ Acharm that lulls to sleep;
e e Cllowuealih and e,
Butleaves the wreich o weep ”
would gladly make slaves of the off
ool AR BAL YT R s e G eS e
- AEL et se B a4ia ML & &
L ) CL 8 E Lk ‘ W 7 L4L .
Appointed to publifls the LAWS of the UxI7ED BT4TES for the Diftriél of New-Hampfbire.
we must not conclude that there are
none, who, like the faithful spaniel,
will remain an unaltered friend on the
most diftrefling emergencies.
Yes, the Rural Loiterer firmly be
lieves that there are {fome, even in this
degenerate age, who would attend
their friends in the dismal dungeon,
provided their misfortunes were not
the effeéts of their own vices, as read
ily ac they would were their friends
seated under a canopy of gold.—
Fearing 'my hearers are already
tired, I will conclude with the follow
ing
1 ES on THE UNHAPPY SLAVE.,
Feom yonder plain I hear the mourniul
Clles ... ;
Spreading along the island’s rocky shore ;
The plaintive accents found to yonder skies,
And Heaven’s »fliftence {cemingly implore,
“*From native foil, from all we held molt
dear,
From parents, brothers, wives and children
toin ;= \
Great power above, our fappliant voices
hear :
Lorg, long the whip of slavery we've
borne.—
Oft on the burning sands, by age opprefl,
Benea'h the scorching ravs of yonder fun,
Dept’d of food, by reftlels hunger preft ;—
Loog for the circle of our lives'to run.”
Heaven heard the groans of the unhappy
slave,
And frown’d indignant at the cruel wrong ;
Then to his bosom fcength and courage
gave ;
To meet ths bullet* and to face the throng.
Nor {ball the land where whips of slavery
dwell
Be bleft with peace, or sweet contentment
know,
Bat burning fevers +in their hearts shall feel
And fromﬂ their veins the crimson liquid
w
* Alluding to th: infurreclions gs the
blacks in th: Wes- Indyes. :
t Plagues were fcatiered among the E
gyptians for.their oppreflion of the Fews ;
end tie Rural Loitercr, would ofk why we
may not attrsbute similar ¢ff:ls to the fume
cause ?
eS S RSVS b T S F P o o o i
'OLD SOUTH.
, From th. Chronicle.
Text+-" And when the Town-Ciérk had
appealed the people, he {aid, ye men of E.
phefus, what man is there that kneweth not
how that the city of the Ephesians is 2 wor
fhipper of the great goddess Diana, and
of rhe image which fell down from Jurpi-
TeR P {eeing then that these things cannot
be spoken againfl, ye ought to be quier and
do potbing rashly. For ye have bronght
hither thele men, who are aeither robbers of
churches, nor yet blalphemers of your god.’
defs. Wherefore, if Demetrius, and the
crafifmen which are with him, have a mat
ter again@t'any man, the law is open and
there are deputies ; let them implead one
another »?
THE Scriptures were_written for
edification, and if we pra?tice the dgc
trines they inculcate, we are promised,
not only the bleflings of this life, but
that which is to come. If any book
inculcates Republicanifin, and repre
bates an Ariflocracy, either civil or ec
clefiafiical, it is the Dible. The whole
tenor of the sacred writings runs in
unison with the rights of *“ Tue Pro-
PLE,” in oppolition to a certain “felf
created” bedy, who afflume the pow
er to difate and controul public opin
ion. lhe * multitude,” ‘and * the
people,” are the only obje&s contem.
plated in all the addreiles mazde by
our Saviour and his Apostles. Ifthev
now were on earth, their language
would be stigmatized -as Jacobinifm
and Illuminati—if we heard them de
nouncing one menachical magistrate
as'a * whited fepulchie”—if we saw
them whipping out the monty chan
gers—if wg found them aflembling
the multitude, speaking to the people,
and in every instance reprobating the
Chief Prielts as hypocrites and decei
vers, our Federal Gentry would be cla
morous in vociferating ¢ away. with
them, away with them”—* crucify
him, crucify him.” ' !
The Rory of Pauls entering Ephe
sus, is a true representation of Church
infatuation, when set in motion by a
few interested individuals. On his dr
rival, and in order to counteraé Paul’s
ministration, the seven sons of one
Sceva, “ Chiefof the Pricfls,” attempted
to exercise the miraculous power of
casting out evil spirits ; but tho’ this
fame Sceva could deceive the. people,
yet he could not . deceive the Devil,
for the man in whom the evil spirit
was, leaped on them and prvailed a
ainft them, and Sceva’s seven sons
gcd ‘out of the house naked and woun
ded. In this instance, Satan himfelf
seemed to-a®t with some generosity,
for the evil fyiits retorted on these .
ceivers with a degree of feverity—* Je.
fus we know, and Paul we know, fsz
awho are ye 2* It is probable this Sce
va was an artful Prielt, who had made
himfelf very busy in exciting alarms a
mong the People ; had told them that
there was an organized body of lilu
minati, who were going to overturn
all Religion ; had propagated Rories
about maflacres, and that the world
‘was going to be turned uplide down.
Sceva, ,thercfore,thought he was coms
petent to set up in opposition to Paul,
and by a little ffratagem ccald make
his exorcism appear the genuine dis
play of evangelical influence. In con
sequence of these ariful proceedings,
he'and his seven sons had gained 1o
themselves a high reputation at Ephe
sus, and the people, alting unde‘r their
infatuation, were led to lay violent
hands on the Apostles. The firft at
'tack on Paul, however, did not fuc
ceed—Sceva was proved an impostor,
and his sons were obliged to filee out
of the house naked and wounded.
At length a more powerful antag
onist appeared ; ere Demetrius, a fi/-
ver smith, who made thrines for Diana,
aflembled his fellow ¢raftfmen, and be
gan a most violent onfet,by crying out,
““the Craft isin danger! greatis Dianaof
the Lphefians.” He farther declared,
if these men were fuffered to proceed,
the prafits of his business would cease,
and - emphatically concluded, <7%
knowe that by this Craft ave get our
aealth.”” This hue and cry put the
whole city .in confufion, {ome cried
one thing and some another, and for
two hours was heard the inceflint
clamounr of ¢ great is Diana of Ephe
sus.” Who could have thought a£/
ver-fmith, in the city of Ephesus, could
have raised such a formidable pariy ?
In tiis Rate of things, what must
havg been the situation of Paul and
his companions ! Sceva and his seven
sons wounded and naked ; Demetri
us with his whole body. of silver-mak
ing golds, rousing the people to the
highelt pitch of resentment ; the whole
city in uproar, against two or three
unarmed men ; and it is to be feared,
if the Town-Crerx had not came for
ward, at this critical moment, to ap
pease the peepie, they would have
been {tened, or put to death, by De
metirius and his associates.
[n this part of my observations. the
refletions which naturally occur are
—that whea any doérine is inculca
ted, or any measure pursued which
interfere with the interef of men, who
practice on the religious prejndices
of the people, it is their cultom, to a
larm them that all their religious cere
monies are to be abolithed, and to ex
cite a jealondy and enthusiasm against
the men who are endeavorring to re
lieve them from their imposition.—
This uproar was occasioned by Deme
trius, not that he: cared for the tem
ple, otherwise than by making shrines,
by which %e and his fellow-craftimen
had enriched themselves, 2t the ex
-pence of the ignorant Ephesians. "If
the Apoltles had proposed a number
of golden or silver cruifixes, or had
ovdered a large paraphranalia of pla
ted decorations for the altar, and had
emploved Demetrivs’ to make them,
it is probable he would have been a
mong the foremoft to escort Paul in
to Ephesus ;no doubt there would
have been a high cavalcade, confiit
ing of Demetrius workmen, Priests of
the temple and all the expeftant,
““ more or less,”” of the Apoltles’ pat
ronage ; songs would have been sung
in praise of Paul, and bis religious fy{-
tem ; addrefles would have been pre
sented from all the wvarious orders of
church and State ; Sceva and his re
tinué would have been clothed in fac
erdotals, and probably would have de
livered an oration in favor of this mod
ern philosophy. A public dinner
would have been provided ; a poet
laurezt chosen, and pofiibly all the
young men been called on to celebrate -
the dissolution of the religion of Dia
na ; and the city would bave been in
uproar with “ Great is. Paul of Mace
don,”’ instead of % Great is Diana of
‘the Ephefians.”’ . - SR
But it was pot so—the Chriltian
{yftem offered no: such excitements.
-Without purse, without _fcrip,~ the A--
poftles had to travel from city to ci--
ty ; they were at war with all money
getting religion, they were not help
ing the magistrate to impose on the
- people,, m«:ﬁ to attach the civil
code 10 the horns of the altar—even
the religioi itfelf was offered ¢ with
out money and without price.” No-
T HE
Peter Pence was connefted with Paul’s
embafly ; what lie got by the sale of
his tents, was the principal part of
his support. Who then can be fir
prifed, that an ‘uproar fthould be rais
ed at Ephesus, where the religion of
Paul struck all the silver gods out of
existence. If Paul’s religion had suc
ceeded, how many temple workmen
would have been out of employ—poor
Demetrius would have been obliged
to {eek another mode of religion. E
ven though this silver-smith - might
have been employed in copper, or he
might have turned his attention to the
ircn foundery ; but [Hll the little sil
ver gods was a {ure and lasting line
of business, and he did not know how
long the other might continue. If
tbe. Goddess was destroyed, all his
other employinent was uncertain ; he
mipght have been permitted to fulfil
ivme previous contra&, but the Tem
ple, the Temple being annihilated, all
the re®t was as the * baseless fabric of
a vision.”
But the principal chara&er in this
story is the Town-CLerk. What an
excellent thing it is to have a good
town Clerk. Whether they chose this
officer annually, or whether he was
turned out the next ele&ion, for the
part he took againit the Prielt Sceva,
and Demetrius the filver-{fmith, we
are not thid, but that he a&ted like an
honest man on the present occasion,
cannot be controverted. Amid the
general convulsion of the citizens, and
1 opposition to the prevailing party
he had the resolution to speak to the
people, and caution rhem against pro- {
ceeding too rashly with the Apotftles.
It does not appear that he contern
ed himfelf about the wounded sons of
Sceva, or addressed himfelf to Deme
trius, but he made immediate applica
tion to “Tue Prorre” He began
his {peech with ¢Ye men of Ephesus,” ‘
and in order to give the true mean
ing of what I propose in this number,
I will attempt to modernize his lan
guage, & apply my discourse through_
the medium of the Town-Clerk.
« “Ye men of Ephesus,” why is all
this uproar in the city ? The men
whom you charge swith destroying Re
ligion,and robbing the Churches, have
in no instance done as you have been
inftruéted. The Churches remain in
the fame state o quietudeas before,and
the funding {yltem (the modern Tem
ple of Diana) and all the other pecu
niary eftablithments, are more per
manent than under your former es.
tablithment. If Demetrius cannot get
so much profit by his craft, yet yon
get more for your ix per cents. your
bank stocks, and all other matters con
nected with your fifcal arrangements,
if you are relieved from your ffamp du
ties, land tax, loans at an extra interest,
yet, if Demetrius, by this measure, find
adrawback in his income, {o much mo
ney is saved in your own pockets.—
Why then are you disturbed 2 What
profit is it to you, to feedi men who
live by your earnings, and when eve
ry shilling they gain is a discount
from your living ? If the government
is thus adminiltered for your benefit,
why should you make a riot because
a number of bangers on, are shaken off
a 5 an incumberance. Do the wheels
of government need a clog ? If 5000
men can be set at work to earn a liv
ing, without being borthenfome to the
community (as excife-officers, tamp
officers, &c.) is it any dii’advanta%e to
those who had to pay them ? If the
President tells you, he can an{wer all
public exigencies without these T'axes, ‘
why are you clamorous to burden
yourselves, when he fays he does not |
require it ? We have a great number
of Demetriufes who live by the craft
of deception, & when they are thrown |
out of business, they will make a great
noise and disturb the city ; but whatis
Demetrius to you ? By feeding him,
you starve yourselves. While he is fur
nithing ﬁ_‘ty‘"’::\gpdﬁ;t your expence,
to burnith up the temple of Diana,
you are growing poor, and depriving
your wives and children of the means
of fultenance. Of what service wasa
stamp-a& ? Did it make your proper
ty more secure ? But ifit is equally as
secure without it, why do you clamor
at its repeal ? Of xm;fmiuwms -
standing army 2 While they were in
existence, were your eßates or your
lives in less jeopardy 2 If they are now
secure, why do you need them ?Of
‘what service was an eight per cent.
loan ? Did tbig%‘hgagc;ﬁ usur
ers, enrich you iOf what service was
[ No. 40, of 101. XLVII.
a land tax ? It served to ereate a host
{ of officers, but the advantage was ve.
*ly {mall to those who paidit. Ifyou
- €an now ride in a chaise without a tax,
is it not better to apply this money to
shoeing your horses and mending the
tackling, than supporting Colle@ors ?
Why then, ¢ ye men of Ephesus,”
are you thus uneasy ? Why all this
uproar ? Let Demetrius do as all
honest citizens oughe to do, earn his
living by industry & not by imposition.
Suppors the rherts whe. are willing to
relieve you from Taxes, and never let
the great city of Ephesus be again dis
turbed by a set of noily, lazy syco
phants, who only pay court to those
who feed them from honest men’s
pockets.~—Befides, why do you elam
or in thi: incoherent manner ? bel.
lowing “ Adams and Liberty,” Taco
bin, &c. cmvincés no man. If you
have any chirge against your magis
trates, is not ‘he law open ? not the
unwritten jndciary, not the common
law of England, but the explicit avrits
Zen laws of the land ; impeach them
before the conttituted authorities. Ye
have deputies and lawyers in abun
dance ; one halfthe money you have
given towards paying unneceflury of
ficers, would be handsome fee to the
whole body of attornies. A& like
men, ye citizens of Ephesus, and dont
beccme a bye word & derision among
the citizens of the eurth.
And when the Town-Clerk had
thus {poken, each man went away to
his own home, and the city was quiet.
' OLD-SOUTH.
LATE OMISSION.
: PORTIAND s PT.6.
COLLEGE in Maine.
Oan Thurfdav, the od ieftaoe, Ihe cere
mony of indu&ing he Rev. Joleph M’Kean
into the office of P efident of Bowduin Cole
lege, was performed at B u»/wick ‘
- The interest excited in the public mind
by so novel and important a :rani+&ion, ic
a country {o recently inhabited onlv by the
savages of the wildernels, diew.together the
greatelt concourse of fpe&aiors ever witr.« {1
€& Vi he Diftri& of Maine. The mecung
houle not being large enough 1o coniain one
fourth part of the people aff-mbied, a stage
vag erefled under a grove of pines upon the
plains, on which the several cetemonies took
plate. Notwithstanding the concourse was
so grear, the urmoft decency, order and at
tention was shewn ; and the solemnities
were performed withour any interruprion,
Order of Procession.
At half past elcven, the procefion mov
ed from the College to the ground on which
the flage was erefled, in the following or
der|; ;
1. The Committee of Arrangement.
e. 1 he Secretaries of the boards of T -
tees and Overseers, one with the Chaopter
and Seal, the other with the College Laws,
3. The Uicalarer with the Krvs. :
4. The Rev. Dr, Deane, Vice-President
of the Collcge.
5. The Trustees, two and two.
6. President and Profeflor elel,
7: Prelident and Vice Prcfident of the
board of Overleers.
8. The Overseers two and two.
9. The Clergy and Gentlemen of dif
tin&tion invited to dine at the Hall.
After being arranged on a flage, the Vice
President in a short addrels informed the
audiece that agreeably to the vote of the
two boards, the Hon. Daniel Davis, Efg.
President of the board of Overseers, would
apnounce the name given to the building e.
re€ted for the ule of inflitation,
The President then declared that in hon
or of the State which had so generoofly
founded and endowed the inflicution, the
name of the building was everto be, Ma/a
chufetts Hall, - ,
- The Rev. Mr Kellog “then addrcffed the
throoe of grace with an animated and appro
priate prayer. e 5 ,
Then followed an introduflory Address in
Englith by the President of Overseers.
An Address in Latin by the President of
the College, concluding with the ceremo
ny of indu&@ing the P:e(fdcut into office, by
delivering seal, charter, keys, &e.
- President M*Kean's Insugural Addrels,
in Enghth. ' i ;
Reply to the Prclident, in Englif, by
Vice President, Deane.
A Prayer by Rev: Mr Lancafler,
‘An appropridie Pli'm was then sung.
" The ioauguraiion of the President being
finithed, the infßaiment of Mr. ZuAn 4b6.1,
as Profeffor of Languages, then took place
in the following order: R
- 3. Prayer by Rev. Prefideat M’Kean.
; e. Introduftory Address in Latin, by the
ame. . ;
- After consent of Trustees and Overseers
is fignified, the President declares him to-bé
the Profc{lor of Languages.. Then follow
ed an Addrefsin Laiin, by the Profeflor -
of Langaages, ~ 2 AL P
. The ceremhonies were ¢lofed by singing.
_. The company then reniroed to College
‘Hall, where thev dived ; and after dinger
2 nomber ofToafls was given asmbiy which
i tbe following—s
. Our Forefathers, whefe enterprize, -
‘perle and perleveravee, lid ‘he foaodaticn
of our mumbers and fair iohesiance.