_ From the Newburyport STATESMAN of Yeflsrduy, |
The Cloven Foot of Federalism.
Us all the base and profligate attempts of the Federalifis, the
Jollowing lettery outflrips the whole. Here fellow citizens
you may discover the horrid designs of this British fation,
upon your liberty—These are the sentiments of men awho are |
now feliciting your fuffrages, for every officey, wha under the l
pretense of the mofl difinterefied patriotism, are endeavouring ¥,
- 2o bribg and corrupt our citizenss and overthrow our Freedom %
. and independence.~—~Who after reading the Sfollowing, would
- wote for Federalifls.—
. BOSTON, Oc'roser 7, 1808,
Myr. FOSEPH GLEASON,jr. proprietor of the :
Statesman, printed at Newburyport. } ;
IR O : :
AT a crisis of public concern, the most {olemn, portentous, and
importznt, that was ever cxperienced by this, or any 6ther nation, -
Your candour will excule this address, upon a {ubject in its nature,
not less delicate, than interelting—and uuntil the fubje shall be
underftnod by the parties, this mode is judged 'preferable to a per
- fonal intcrview. :
You cannot {ir, be ignorant that the business of the Typography,
like that of every other profeflion, is truly a mere matter of mmsc}.
Every man had an undoubted right to enjoy his own ifentitments,
and make his own creed, s well, in politics as religion—yet the
Lawyer, the Apothecary, the Mechanic, Printer, and even the
Pricit, « labour for fees, and have arefpect unto the recompence of |
reward” They wilcly caleulate their performancesito suit the most 1
- generous employers—and regardleis of {peculative opinions, account
those their belt cullomers, who'duly appreciate moble deeds, by
pavment of high and honorable rewards: We despise every thing
that has the leait affinity to bribery—our objeét is very different.
‘The services, and commodities, of every man of talents and business,
are for the highclt market—we will deal plainly with you, and it
will be for 2our interest to understand us, and confider—that so
long as you thail continue to be cmployed by the Democrats, you
ean have nothing to hope or expe®, but poverty and disgrace.—
Many, very many Printers, who have hererofore been in the igno
minious employment, weary of dablingin filth at their ewn expence,
or for a pitiful living, have listened to propositions, withdrawn
themfcives from a painful drudgery, and have entered into the ser
vice of thole, who ate both able and williag to make prompt and
ample reward for services. Those Printers now appear like men
just delivered fram the fouleft bondage. They now find themselves
furrcunded by génticmen of integrity, corre principles and habits,
—and while they are honorably promoting the cause of truth, reli
gion, and the happiness of their country—they are, with rapid
Ttrides aceumulating wealth, You, fir, must be {enfible that in all
the Eastern States, the Democrats are divided among aand against,
themielves.. They are broken in theirown element, fudion. They
can never agam rally. Their lecaders are dismayed, and ready to
call on the rocks and mouatains to fall and hide them from {hame,
and from the veugeance of aninjured people. Federalists are every
-day waxing &ronger. Maflachufetts is on high ground—our tri
amph will be complete. The day is faft approaching when a jaco
bin dog will aot dare to move kis unhallowed tongue—when * the
very mame of repnblican will be rendered-unamiable as that of
witch” in the New-Bugland States:. When the federalifts had the
reins of government in Adam’s administration, the leaders were
timid—one bold stroke properly managed, would then have fixed
the federal canfe immoveably secure. - It cannot now be long before
a federal administration will be reinstated—when there will be
thorough work—none but those of correét pringiples and habits
will be allowed to held places, cither of honor, profit, or public
trust—when Dgmocrats, with their printers, must ceafc from bab-,
ling fal{chood. . They will fink into merited oblivion. We admire
your talents, bat regret that they are not more henorably employ
«d. In your present dreary employment, fwilt destruction must
await you— your dread fate is inevitable. Now, dear {r, is the
time for you to refeuc yourfelf from infamy-—and honorably to
muke your fortune, and reputation. Ifsyou will engage heart and
hand on our fide—on the fide of trath, jullice, and your country—
you will not only merit, but receive for honorable services, more
‘GUINEAS, than you ever did, or cver will receive cents from the
~ dinking Democrats. The Democratic babel must fall—never, never
more to rife. We have for a long time been systematically faping
and mining—our plaas are deep-——beyond Democratic ken—our
Tederal ramparts impregoable. A threcfold cord is not soon bro
kcn—we speak with confidence. The Federalists in New-England,
¢ like a band of brethren, are united asone man.” Think for
yourfelf, for we aflure you, the day is not far distant, when there
will be, we hope, an eternal SERARATION between the Northern
States, and the Nabobs and their slaves of the South. In Mafla
chuietts we have {fworn to support the ele&tion of a federal Chief
Magiltrate, for the next year. Had the honorable Mr. Gore, ob
tained his ele@ion for the present year; it would have been extreme-"
ly fortunate—and we think, cannot fail to obtain the next heat—
he certainly saved his distance, and would have obtained the prize—
~ but, for the perfidy of those who held the stakes. Tbhere are many
voters who must soon tack about. 1t is said, and believed, that as
agent ‘and truflee for individuals, and for commercial houses in
“England, Mr. G—+ hoids immense property in lands and other
_eftate, in trust—that his influence in this State on that account is
great, and increasing—which circumftanee, we conceive, would also
give him weight at the court of St. James's—and had he, have been .
clected Governor, no doubt he could and would, before this day,
have made arrangements for an advantageous ALLIANCE between
the Eastern Srates and Great Britain—when, our commerce being
proteked, wonld again flourith—tregain its progreflive vigor—and
-the Embargo laws, with the promulgators, and supporters of that
nefarious fyfltem, would have been consigned to eternal oblivian ~-
- 'We are making his clection sure, Suilivan may “twist and turn"—
aid, or, endeavour to embarrass the choice of EleCtors, or pur
sue what mede of condué he pleases, the Democrats cannot obtain
. his ele@ion. The Federalits abhor his duplicity.” Take a view of
the other New-England States. In New.Hampihire, where, by
. misrepresentation, and intrigue, the majority were lalt year Demo
cratice—the Federalists have done wonders—cvery old staunch Fed
eralist has become a Hercules in the late ele@ion of representatives
to Congrefs—for, although their ticker did not contain any one
‘ prominm&l‘laja&cr, for wisdom or thining popular taleats—nay,
some of thdn were hardly up to firft proof, Jet the ticket was car
ried by a valt majority. -It was, however, a lucky circumstance, that
the Democrats had from neceflity exhibited 2 diéuﬁing‘liﬂ—t—fo that
by industry and preper management, Democratic delusion has given
place to truth and corret principies. Though trueit is, the friends
" togood goverament in this and other States, have by no means been
- idle {pe@ators in the glorious firuggle—no, we have exerted every
merve inthe cause, and we have not laboured in vain. -If you will
“now, beforedt be too late, join ns in premoting the salvation of our .
cause and country, yoi may with co'ngdc-nc_e rely upon an immediate
_ and ample reward. We arc enabled to employ agents, and to make .
_prompt and gencrons remuneration. ‘We are ncither injured nor
- ampoverithed by opr ex?cnduurcs-, or exertions—while the Demo--
~ecrats are ncither able to employ, nor pay, fufficient number of
suitable agents to ensure fuceels. * = ge e b
It is the gencral sentiment among us;-that New-Hampshire is |
now on fafc ground—thotgh, we licfitated much before we could
__approve of their making an exchange of certain candidates in their
= ﬁcﬁﬁf‘“z?’@%‘» _ln making the firlt lift, we were consulted and
~ attended to—but the alterations were made without our knowledge:
or consent—we allude more particularly to the exchange of that
~ long tried patriot, the houorable Mr. J. T. Gilman, their late Go
‘wernor, who was defcrvedly placed at the head of the firft ticket,
for Mr. Chief Justice Smith—though Mer. Smith is no’doubt an ex
et eualitieg, apd will gecsciipuiy so theidkace Yol firmly
belicving Mr, ¢ 'thtﬂhﬁmﬁnﬂm udge, with foll power
102 t under the United &agceag&aw¢mmw
- beean be considered by the conflitution a candidate for: the office
“%{g%ﬁ*ﬂ‘ Asd. VicePrslideiesmre st e
SIS s Sty atioralipnd iy GSI ey
- _if Gov. Gilman were an Elector, be would vote, and use influence
- for Clinton to be President. But fir, you must underfland, that al
'_;'“‘tﬁa; SRR R se e LA S LS Us = ot aéﬁ?wm*%%ﬂ‘ E
R S b a 2 o “g“?"‘ "’”‘%’%
P L R
ibgi By A Rt g
SREMe TR Wi kncrgy, a Praciienios Shele guuismen wes 9.
£ R R M:ﬁ*””’“’wg'vg* «;,,wa‘—wﬁfr RR N
G - TPR B e s 3;3% e St
m«"’ %%3» ?ﬁ‘«,f :g : B :;,,’**f“* %ﬁ%wm@: eRt o
,:j"" #*' '-'s ;,w" e ~%s“. ot ;;;rj,? i“wmf"»*“ Ty ad s R
- ﬁ;g{“’ R w,,‘,-@ *abl}wﬁi@#‘wwﬁw, "*3","‘ Ry »tt b Wl a e
j:} P »z»”m%w;m’ﬁh eTL AR gTR T e
R e Ry L el e L T IR S eTR sl S R ARG o
!luc late Federal adminiflcation, and mo& admirably well calculated
“to aid the general goverament ia absorbing the petty State iguvcrn
ments, and to make a visible line of distinction, between rulers and
ruled, was carly undet the Democratic administration, unconstitu
tionally repealed. And thereupon sixteen worthy judges, and other
officers were turned to drift in the political fform for a living. Judge
Smith was, and as we have [aid, now is, ode of thofg judges thus
ousted. His salary was two thousand dollars per anunum-—-the {al
‘ariesof the other judges were in proportion to expected [ervices,
some more, others less ; a claim to these salaries has as yet been
“kept up, and demand of payment made ; the arrears of which for
#cight years are yet due, and must and ought to be paid, with
‘antereft for detention. And the moment a Federal administration -
thall again be established, the fame corre views and principles that
originally produced the {yftem, will, with energy, apply the con
stitutional fpunge to the Democratic repeal—and the system, with all
officers appointed under it, will resume their pristine energy and
fun@ions—we cxpect great aid from those much injured judges. It
is for their interest. = His honor Judge Smith, now Chics Juftic® in
New-Hampshire, with a {alary much less than two thousand dol
lars, cannot be ignorant of his fituaticn, nor yet indifferent to his
interest. We understand he is now gone upon a cireuit through the
State, and we hope, and believe, he will not negle& the golden op
portonity. All the other candidates in the New-Hampshire Fede
-~ eral tickst, €xcept one gentleman are high in office ; sensibly feel the
'~ advantages of power, and well know how to appreciate cncrgy in
government. Connecticut, always corre&, requires no aid ; and
by what we can learn,and we have the best mcans of information,
| Rhode Island and Vermont are doing weil. ‘They will in all proba
l bility, be completely Federal. ' They are in the high road to per
- feCtion, Now.fir, if you will take a jult and impartial view of the
-present slate of parties, you must pe convinced that the present is
the lalt fortunate momeut. If youpeglerthis opportunity, another
may never present itfelf within your reach, that will prove equally
honorable and lucrative, As it wilt'be for your honor and interest,
we feel confident that you will close with us in some proposition
in‘our power to make, so as to relicve you from a difagrceable and
fruitlefs drudgery. We have not ds yct failed in any one attempt
to purchase, either the friendly services, or silence of Priniers, ex
‘cept in the case of Mr, Duane, with whom the business is not finifh
ed. It is believed that ]cﬁ‘;ifbn has treated him somewhat better
than many others ; Duanc afdy have received of secret service mo
ney, and his late appointment of Colonel, may retard our-business
for a time. If fir, you shall feel inclined to second our views, and
associate with honest men, who, will assuredly, soon, guide the poli
tical helm of State—please to pat your reply into the Poft-Office,
directed @X. Y. Zat Boston s it will soon come to hand and be
duly appreciated. If you make proposals they will be answered 3
and if not out of reason, will be accepted ; or if it be your desire,
we will make proposals for your consideration. Butif contrary to
our wish and expe@ation you shall decline advantageous employ
ment, or for a term silence, your candor is relied upoa with confi
dence, that the most rigid secrecy will be observed ; let there Lea
death like silence upon the fubjeét; and you will please to enclose
fafely this identical paper under cover, and direct it as. above, to
X Y.Z. Boston, that it may come by mail, which will entitle you to
future reward for your candor, and oblige your real friends, and
very humble servants, g X. Y. Z.
N el * For the New-Hamp/hire Gazette.
Farmers of New-Hamptfhire !
THE day approaches cn which we are called to vote for seven 1
suitable men to represent this State, as Ele@Gors of President and
Vice-President of the United States. It bechoves us to confider seri
ously and candidly who we shall appoint to that important duty.——
Which of the lifts of candidates publithed in the Port{mouth and,
Dover papers, deserve your {uffrages ? The Farmers or the Law
yers # The Republican lift eonfifts of JOHN LANGDON, the pre
sent worthy Governor of this State, five honcft Farmers, and a re
fpe@able Merchant : The Federal lift contains fix Judges and Law
yers, and one Farmer. What {ay you, Brothers, Farmers ! whole
bands would you trust your a/f into? I think you will fay #-ithout
any hesitation, into the Farmers hands. If you would not confide
your own interelt to Lawyers, will'you trust the Chics Magistracy
of the Union with them ? By no means. Rcmember the words of
our blefled SAVIOUR, “ Woe unto ye, Lawyers ! who lade men
with heavy burdens, grievous to be borne, but will not move them
with one of your fingers :” also, “ yec have taken away the key of
knowledge, yet entered not in yourfelves.”--1I think those words de
scribe the present race of Lawyers, who arc endeavoring to deprive
us of our rights by deception. What interest have the Fawyere
in common with the rest of the community ? None. If the mer
chants loose their property by capture or thipwreck; what harm
docs the Lawyer fuffer ? None. Iby froft, by drought, by blaf}
or mildew, the fruits of the earth are destroyed and the Farmer is
disappointed in his expected harve(t ; whatinjary does the Lawyer
sustain ? None--He is totally unconneéted with the rest of the
communin. His views, his wishes and interests are diftin& and
separate from theirs.© The Ricars and LisgrTitzs of this happy
country, are a nuisance and an eye {ore to the Judges and Lawyers. -
They wish to remove them, to overthrow them, to trample them
under foot, and on their ruins to eftablith a monarchy and an arif
, tocracy. For this purpose, hand bills filled with libels, deceptions,
frauds and mis-representations are circulated throughout the State -
runners are employed, to drive the poorer: class of citizens to vote
for the Federal Ticket, and to compel them by an arbitrary power
to yicld the dearcft right of freemeni ;. Collectors are bribed to take
by diftraint, after 14 days notice, thole who do not f‘pport the |
federal cause : Bank Diretors threaten Republicans with perfecu- |
tion ; and every art of menacc or persuasion is used by merchants
and traders,in town and country,to induce the honest Farmers and
Mechanicks, those bulwarks of our liberties,to abandon the Repub
lican caufe.~~—Farmers of New-Hampthire ! stand to the truerights
- of the Union. -By thistime your eyes must be open. Although you
in the back part of the State do not have so good an opportanity as -
we have to sec and hear the procecdings of the Union, yet I hope
each and every one of you that feels friendly to the cause of your
country, will vote for the Republican Candidates. Let not Feds {
and Tories overpower us. If they tyrapnized in fucl an arbitrary
manner when they expeced to get five Representatives, what will
they do if they get the President and both beufes of Congress on .
theip fide ? They will then rule us with a rod of iron. They will i
bring us under bondage, and deprive us of eur natural rights. You
may recolle& the proceedings of the latc President Adams with the 1
federal Congress in eftablithing sedition laws, ffamp acts and land
taxes, and appointing Collectors to colleét them, whose salary a
mounted to about two hundred thousand dollars'per annum. The
federalills thenfaid the times would got be good, until common peo
ple did not know what the bead-sien were about; and all the land
‘was onder Lordfbips, as it is in England. ~ When Mr Jerzerson
took the lead, those obnoxious laws were repealed, those useless of
ficers were displaced, and the supernumerary Judges were removed.
- A fine time_jt was for Farmers to grow rich nntil the Chesapeake
affair. ' The Feds told you if you would vote. on their fide, aqd
get in Federal R_cﬁ:efcntativcs, they would take the Embargo off in
tw) or three weeks, and money would be plenty. Havethey done
it ? No. Did not money grow scarce before the Embargo was put
on? it ccnaia_-l%; Soom after the Chesapeake affair the Feds
~ tried t 6 change the Government. The Bank Directors and .fcdcxral j
: ringﬂe’adcts in Boston consulted together, and agreed not to discount
_ but little, if any 3 but to callin the moncy, and make the creditors.
. of the bank pay two per cent premium, if not paidin specie or fpe
- ¢ie bills ; the other bapks soon follewed their eample, . That has
been the main realop why money is so fearce, ‘Thiey putthe blame
' on Mr Jeffcefon and the Republicans until the Embargo way lpid 5
. bat since that time they turn it all to the Enibargo, _Brothers 1
_ Farmers !it is high time to awake and refitt Tory and Britifh'influ
_ence : Disorganizing traitors and a. tyrannical arftoeracy. Letus
trust ourfetves in the hands of that OmiroTENT Bring who kept
and preserved mhct a wcakandfect;gtd people tﬁ;lﬁug!tmﬂmm
ey Wil 9b srole bebs 26 Mgcpocaciaton o O
g I’A“‘gflm ; te&ﬁd Lo
. A hew fpeties of ‘deccption is new practifing, by Federal rupncrs,
F* l~ "é;»—'%}u:él ” ~‘¥q" ;;;‘,;_ A ; } ‘ﬁ. % ‘;.‘.g"',’v j‘. 5 ' ‘ii‘ ?ﬁl {
B upnen gy gt s e L g
REmad i aibre, an eliste for 5 DIRECT TAX, cobehed in
/et aeanied t uipote 14 "*”’% Peoy S e
T M TR A L v ﬂ?ﬁ‘zm Kooty et eSR SRR
B sosk e e ol B e e ]B R e
of Maiffachufetts, whom he &'l in cm&
with, at Wakefield, in the county of Strat
ford, on Thursday evening last; and whom
it is presumed he mistook for an inhabitant
of that town, informed her, that a dire@.
tax of Fir Teen Micrions must and would
be aflefled and collected immediately from
the Farmers of the United<States : that, in
fact,he had the documents then in his pack
et, warranting that affertion} and in the .
fullnefs of his federal zeal, pulled from thence |
a very large number of estimates for thig !
purpofe,in the form of hand bills, and gen. |
eroufly offered her one for her own use, and
to disseminate among her acquaintance;
this she refufed. In this new and unheard
of manner, we find the citizens of our coun
try imposed upon and duped by the ma.
chavilian arts and subtle fabrications of
this disorganizing fation. I pledge myfelf
for the truth of this statement, and challenge
the gentleman runner of Portsmouth, or any ‘
of his adherents to deny the charge, The
facts are substantially and minutely true,
& can be proved by the moftgredible witnef. |
fes. I hope I nced not coniment upon the
turpitude and base falfity of this infamous
circulation. I sincerely trust that the good
citizens of New Hampthire have a fufficient
thare of gocd sense to fee through this pitiful
deception ; and .that they will rest aflured
that no Dire& Tax will ever be imposed upon
them unless occasioned by a Federal Govern.
ment,or in consequence of federal falfehoods,
The above federal Nahab further stated thae
this tax might be averted hut in one way,
by means of a fedcral administration. 77
Cat, we conceive, is thus lek out of thedag But
give them a Federal Adminiltration, and re
member old times, remember not okly dire
taxation, but stamp acls, excises, gag acts,and
the whole accompying baoff of oppreflions —-
I firmly believe the man who would resort to
such base purpoles, to bring about a revolu
tion in government, would, ‘in similar cir
_cumflances, adopt the traitorous measures of
an Arnold. CASSIUS.
O&ober 29, 1808. 4
FOR THE N. H. GAZETTE.
dMefrs. Priniers—
I'L’ has ever been the case, that just
before our public ele&ions, some a
larming, wonderfal accounts have
been propagated by" the federalifts,
with intention to deceive the, people.
In the days of terror the history of the
Illuminati had its run, this was said
to be a dangerous society, confilling
of the most influential and literary
characters in Eyrope, which originated -
in France, with design to destroy all
religion, order and government in the
world. Since that period, previous
to the election of public officers, Tub
plots, Powder plots, or some ridicu
lousy fiorics have bern advanced to
terrify and dissuade the republicans
from performing their duty ; [pccial
care was always taken to introduce
those bugbear relations {o close upon
our elections, that a compleat refuta
tion would not always fruftrate the
design intended ; and when they were
fully refuted after the ele&ion, the re
publicans were laugh’d at as being
outwitted. One of the federal Prin
ters ‘in Boßon ae’kno"wiedgcd that
fometiMnes he published rumotive which
himfelf did not believe would bearshe
telt of truth, however the neceflity ¢€
the case juftified the deed, and the
propagation answered the purpose of
the day. The choice of Lle&ors for
Prelident and Vice-President will be
on FRIDAY NEXT ; as ufnal,
federal hand-bills are flying in every
dire&ion, with design to deceive the
Citizens ; one is headed ¢ Dire& Tax,’
in which is calculated what would be
the proportion of each town in New-
Hampshire to 14,000,000 dollars ;
with more propriety might the writer
have estimated the benefits that have
accrued to those towns by property
saved to the United States, in conse
quence of the Embargo ; this per
formance is compleatly answered by a
writer in the Concord ¢ American
Patriot” of Tuesday laff.* Other
- hand-bills are industriously circvlated,
~which are in f{ubftance, that Mr.
- Pinckney, our minifier in London, has
effe&ted 2 compromise of the difficul
ties exilting between the two countries,
_ that he wrote Mr. Maury our consul
“in Liverpool, to forward a vessel with
his dispatches to our government, if
possible within elght hours, that the
' day after the vessel failed, a clerk from
the consul came on board and report
ed verbally, that accounts were then
“received of Trance having declared
war against America, had confifcated
~all the American property within her
territories and imprisoned the Ameri.
cans ; this Rtory appears to be anoth
. er federal deception, to influence our
fuffrages in the ensuing eletion.—
There is no official docoment in the
business. - That Mr. Pinckney, after
_effecting his purpose with the Britith
- ministers ﬁmﬂ}fi order the consul at
Liverpooly to febd:off bis difivatehes in
_eight hours (provided the business ua
this important event should be so car
iuﬁadby*’thhzdguvcfmn&.cw so
rapidly conveyed back to London and
averngoh and wversing e velitnis
- day after she had failed for the United
States, is very extraoedinary and will
be considered very improbable.
%&
(we Thodl it MM oaE
of her AR H it adud:
RP e T L e
*‘s3, “":‘: ‘w.l“* o DS LI ; «-ﬂ?“i‘d,’ Wi ' ‘,’g ; ,
eX7 A e .
and wfult us ; but i wé '\;.\.“tx‘p(é‘i
ed to be at war with France; we OUgllt‘-
to be more on our guard in being con
nefted with the Britith nation, and
more cautious not to choose federal
Ele&tors, that would place at the head
of our government a partizzn for the
British lotereff. Our revolution withs
‘England was not merely because {his
compelled us to pay three pence duty
on'a pound of Tea, but becaule she
declared her right of taxing Awdderica
in all cases whatever ; this principle
is again revived and maintained by the
British nation, {he will not allow usto
be independent,and regulate our trace
with foreign nations, but compels us
to go to her dominions, pay an enor
mous tribute or duty on every article,
and to any amount she may think pro
per, contrary to jultice and the law of
nations 3 a non compliance by the A
mericans to thofeunrighteous Laws,
our veflels and cargoes are carried in
to England and condemned as legal
prizes. ‘ - .
Antecedent to the late ele&tion, and
fince,—the federal papers have tzemed
with abule against the measures of our
government, and the rights of the cit
izens ; they have repeated over and
. over the flale charge of the President’s
~ partiality to Framce, and the tribute
. of the two snillions of dollars that have
' been paid to her : notwithstanding
_oilicial Agocumcnts lately publithed
' have proved the falfity of those char
| ges, yet those reltive {pirits tho’ con
’ victed of their intrigues and foiled in
| their arguments, they @il londly vo.
, ciferate against our government and
; its most wile and prudent measures 3
| indeed T know of no aft that ever
met the approbation of the federalifts,
—probably no a@ could be perform
ed by the present administration how
ever beneficial to the community, but
the federalifts would carp and con
demn it ; such are the sordid motives
of our opponents, and their aversion
to Republican principles, that an An
gel frcm Heaven could not give fatis
faction, should he administer to per
‘ section our happy constitution. What,
must be the opinion of an intelligent
for eigner that reads our public papers 2
could he suppose the federal writerss
men of philanthropy ? patriots that
would cheerfully facrifice private in
terest for the public benefit ? Surely
not. . Would he not suppose them:
worse than drones in the Americam
hive ?—lt is the opinion of many that
some of those writers with to defiroy
our constitution, and eftablith on its
ruins a monarchical government, in
hopes by the alteration, to raise them
selves and connedioms to honorable
ditin&ions and lucrative establish
ments. May Heaven frultrate their
intentions, and inspire the adminiftra~
- tion to those measures that %ll be hone
orabls to our country and promote its
real we¥ure. Itisa fa@ that Mr.
| Jefferfon and his political friends have
| been fhamefully abused for their rea
| publican pr iples, and their exertion
to promete the real interest of their
country. No afef onr administration
has been more excéptionable and ob
noxious to the federali than that cf
“the Embargo; they havécharged the
-administration as enemieS to com
merce, the Embargo as unweceflary
and confirmed as perpetual, ard have
asserted that unless the ad miniftr\i:tn
is changed, misery and deltru&ion ate
‘inevitable. It must be admitted by
ever%’cand!d,and intelligent miod that
commerce has flourithed uhder the
present administration beyond all for
mer example. That the Embargo
was a wife measure can be fully prov
ed by recourse to the fituatien of our
commerce dt the time it'was laid ; the
British orders of council, and the de
crees of France, with gthcr impositions,
forcibly combined to'the neceflity of
. the measure. The Embargo has fava
~ed from bankruptcy a large propor
tion of otir merchants and underwri
ters, and had it not taken place, the
government would bave been culpa
| ble, and she federalilts would not have
failed to have criminated the admin
istration to the higheß degiee. The
_oppofition by the federalifts has pro
longed its continuance, and ﬂmW“.h'
{ standing assertions to the contrary, its
- removal will undoubtedly take place
_immediately when prudence dictates.
i, That a change of the adminifiration
! from Republicanism to Mona:chy,
| will tend to promote the happinefs.of
the Americaos, is a queffion not diffi
cult to decide, and I'am confident the
majority of the Citizens of Newhamp.
| fhite will pever {ubmitto. ~
| REPUBLICANS, perform your
| duty faithfully on FRIDAY NEXT,
3o SRy u% i B % “ e- §:
| Wetington (i et Ui
* mencement of onr tevolation, endea.
“ﬁ“@aﬁ”&ﬁﬂwwgwm&?mﬁ
F s ik foea RS ovE B
B B o bieni "Dty
( a:w ’*M Lo b
EURE S O