■is subject, by our Imperial Decree
of the 9th of July, 1810, is to be
paid within the’ first fifteen days of
Sept.
“The payments may be made in
bonds, with sufficient security, taken
for the amount of a third of the duty,
at three, tix aud nine months. Those
who are not disposed to aVaii them
selves of this delay, and who arc wil
ling to pay in advance, will receive,
an abatement of half per cent, per
month. .
44 The duty of fifty per cent, on the
value will be collected according to
the schedule annexed to the present
decree. They however, who will de
liver in their declarations before the
l^jh August, will pay only forty per
cefit, instead of fifty * that is to say,
four-fifths of the duty imposed by the
Tarif. - i
“ Such colonial produce as shall not,
be declared before the Jlst .of Septem
ber, the term fixed by oar Decree of
the 9th July, shall be seized and con
fiscated. Every proprietor or depo
aitory, who shall not have made' the
prescribed declaration, sh *11 be sub
ject to the payment over and above of
a sura equal to the value of the mer
chandize.”
New-York, Sept. 24.
Mr. and Mrs. STANLEY, from
the Theatre Royal, Liverpool, for the
New-York stage, arrived here last
evening in the ship Remittance.
. New-York, Sep*. 28.
BELOW LAST NIGHT.
Ship Fortitude, Hurd, 42 days from
Lisbon, with salt, and 247 merino
sheep, in good order.
Ship Aeolus, Henry, of. Norfolk,
35 days from Belfast, with passen
gers.
New York, Sept. 29.
SALE OF MERINO SHEEP.
On Thursday, at the country seat
ol Francis B. VVinthrop, Esq. at Hornes
Hook, at li o’clock, agreeable to pre
vious notice given in tht papers, tom
♦ 1 flnenced the sale at auction by James
Seton, of 215 Merino Sheep, of the
Paulier, Negretti and Aguirri breed.
A numerous assemblage of Gentlemen
breeders and agriculturists from differ*
ent parts of the country were present,
The sale lasted 5 hours, during which
time the whole flock sold for 57,OOC
dollars, averaging about 262 dollars
each. One of the rams was knocked
down at the enormous price of 910 do!,
lars. Among the purchasers wtr<
Chancellor Livingston, Jno. B. Church,
the Messrs. Crugers, Morgan Lewis,
and Mr. Johnson, of Dutchess county,
and many other gentlemen of weald
and public spirit.
Baltimore, Sept. 29.
Miracles will never cease !
* he Federal Republican calls om
for an embargo ! and quotes Mr Jsf
ft-rsoTi’a opinion as a rccummenda
tion ! ! !
J iom the Federal Republican of yes
ter da v.
“ If ever there was a time wher
an embargo ought to be laid it is now
lor most assuredly any merchant whe
will ship property to France upon tht
faith o* the emperor’s lev?, stands ir
n?ed ofar guardian, and ought to have
his affairs taken into the hands of tht
government. Let us, sa\ a Mr. Jeffer
son, “ preserve our resources, and pro
tect oflr seafaring brethren.”
Thus, in the course of human events,
the instruments of a corrupt faction
are compelled to abjure their formei
doctrine and to “ retrace their steps/
Tn thesehr. American, Tobey, ar
rived at Boston, on Monday la.t, in
43 days from Lisbon, came “a Shep
herdees ant] her Dog”—.cargo, salt &
*41 JVIerinoes.
Aifxandria, Sept. 2ft.
DISTRESSING FIRE !
The evening hr fore last about 1C
o’clock the inhabitants of this tmvr
were alarmed with the cry of fire.—
It began in a cooper’s shop near th<
wharves adjoining Union street. A
Workman, leai ing a candle burring ir
the shop, went out for a handful o
staves. On his return he discovers
that the candle had (alien among so rn
shavihgs. The cry of fire was imme
diately circulated, but the adjacent ftia
terials were of so combustible a nature
it was impossible to stop the progresi
of :hr fire j which raged till near twt
o’clock, before the inhabitants wrr<
able to controul it. Kvi.ry building
| wasburntiti the *quarolying on Um-><
street and extending from Duke t<
Pt ince streets bordering on the river
Ihe houses west of Union aueet &c
Veral times taught lire, bat by great!
and imminently dangerous exertions j
of several inhabitants, it was extinguish-1
«d, and. the destruction of perhaps an
hundred houses prevented. There ’
was no wind till after 12p*clock, « hen
a breeze sprang up, bearing the flames
to the river.
We pretend not to exactness* The
loss is little short of 200,000 dolls.—
24 houses. Very little oi' the proper
ty was insured.
A report that one of thebtores con
tained a large quantity Of powder, ■
though erroneous, prevented the sa
lving of considerable pro perty, & con
siderably checked the exertions of the
citizens fort some time/ No lives
were lost, dndr little personal injury
received. * -
Sales at Auction,
l UST received, jpul will be sold, positive
* 1 y without reserve, at .the Vendue Of
fice of the subscribers, on this.duy the 5ih
Octtfcer,
1 containing 30 pieces Elegant India
Dimities
l 23 7_8 Cotton Stripes.
1 1 Poliieat Handkerchiefs.
1 4s'doz. Mens’ Brown Cotton Hose.
I 302 Heady made patent Waistcoats.
II d'rti. Spades.
1 bale, containing 10 pieces 7.8 Ging.
hams. . .
10 6-4 Mulls,
And one case containing
No. 1 and 3 2 plain portable Wr*tin^
Desks.
3 and 8 2 Brass Cord. ditto. ]
12 and 13 2 ditto ditto.1
3 and 11 2 ditto ditto. j
6 1 ditto ditto. I
7 1 ditto d*uo.
9 1 dite ditto.
1W l ditto ditto.
These Goods are just imposed.
Terms of Sale,
90 days credit fur all sums of SO dollars
and upwards, uncer SO, cash.
PROSPER & AlONCURE.
Auctioneers.
Richmond, Tuesday Oct. 5. 1810.
’THE subscriber begs leave to inform
the citizen) of Richmond, that MR.
RICHARiJ DABKBf^ lately connected
with Messrs G>rar<lin, Doyle and Wood,
will open School at his £;he subscriber’s]
Scho 'l Kou3«, on Monday next the 8.h ot
October. Re will instruct ti;s pupils in
Readmit, Writing, Arithmetic-—«tts also
in the Latin and Greek languages, at the
rate of Forty Dolars a year tor toe two
latter, and thirty Dollars a ye.ir for the
three former. The first quarter’s tuition
is requested in advance—and thereafter,
payments will be expected only as they
becomr due—Mr. Dabney restricts himself
to 20 Scholars ; and the MibScriber will
do every thing in h 8 power to promote tne
success ot the School, by forwarding,
, as far as he can, the improvement of the
School in literature and good morals —to
hvnti of which he has reason to believe that
Mr. D-bney himself w ll pay the strict
est attention. The School is intended for
, Male Scholars only. Such as please to
encourage this School, wiil apply to Mr,
DiLnty or to the Subscriber.
J. I). 13LAIR.
Oct. S" 1810, [1]
NOTICE.
qY virtue of a deed of trust executed to
° the Subscribers by Thomas Would,
ridge, jr, and Folly his wife, tar the pur.
poaa of securing the payment of n certain
Mini of money therein mentioned, will be
expo?eii to aale for ready money, at Win.
terfieid, in Cite county of Chesterfield, on
i Friday the 2nd day of November next
DNli EIGHTH PART of those valu-o e
i COAJL# MINES call’d and k 'own by tho
name of WOOLDRIDGE'S PITTS, ly
ing in the said crun.y of Chesterfield a*
1 bout 12 miles from Manchester, and im
mediately on ihe Buckingham Road. Al
so °pc Nfcjrro Boy by name Daniel, and a
Girl by-name Y- mer, and two feather
beds -ad furniture.
EDWARD MOSELY,
BEV. C. STANAKD,
KDMD. LOCK.E IT.
Oct. 5, 1810,
LAND FOR SALE. ■'■By Virtue of a
decree of the Superior Court ol Ch n
cery for the R chmead District,-will be
offered for sale at Cumberlafd Court
flouve on Monday tbe *i2d iust, being
Court day, that valuable
Tract of Land,
belonging to the estate of Pcterfi Id Trent,
dec'd. containing by estimation, 783 acres,
lying in the county of Cumberland, on
Willis's river, and adjoining the town of
Caira, for the purpose oF raising a sunt of
i money therein mentioned, dm- ar.d owing
i to the estate' of Alexander Trent, dec'd.
the contiguity of tnis land to the town of
Cairn ; where there is a Merchant Mill
; which wiil no doubt, in a short time be
in complete repair, and const-quently will
i require a large quamlry of wheat, See. as
|; well as a tobacco inspection*- ind bempat
jjtne head of the navigaule waters of VVil
1 fit's rver, render it one of the most
desirame tracts of land in that part of the
coun ry. Add-d to these, the lard is of
. iexcche.it quality, and well adapted to the
! culture of tobacco, wheat, coi*n, Isfc.
’ Previous to the day of sale, this land
' w.li be laid off in lots, and sold to amt pur*1
* chasers—and the terms of sale, liberal;
: ooly one tb>rd will be required when tne
. deed n made, and one, two and three
, years for t«iv balance—Bonds and securi
y will be demanded, secured by a deed of
' trust if required by the
commissioners.
■ Oct, 5. [Ids.]
i&mamta 3LrgW«
HICHMO N D,
FRIDAY, October 5, 1810.
** ^ . , —-^
TO* THE ARGUS,
tROM THE CLUB. .
Richmond, Oct. 1, 1810.
We gene ratty find a disposition in
:he world to condemn a man who lives
Extravagantly, and we commonly re
proach him with living beyond bis
means, with' living upon the property,
af others, find so forth: whilst the mfin.
who is; successful in trade, who gets
rich, and on his riches moves in a style
uf splendor, is admired, folio wed, and
eulogized. Yet there is little differ
ence, in reality, between the e two cha
racters. The individual who lives be
yond his means, does, unquestionably,
very unjustifiably live upon the proper
ty of others ; but there is this palliati
on in it, that he thus expends the sub
stance of other men by their consent,
tor if they would hot'’ trust, him be
could not live beyond his means. The
man, on the other hand, who lives up
on wealth acquired in dealing, lives
upon the advantages which he I as ob
tained from other individuals; for
what Arc/ircfits, what t he gains of trade,
what the income of speculators but ad
ventages which cunning men derive in
their dealings from men less conning ?
I do not speak here of fair dealing ; of
somethin” sold for something bought
ot an equal valuebut I a.lude to the
gains which accrue from the artificer,
of shop-keeping, and of dealings iu ge
neral, the doctrine .of which is n'Jt a
reasonable advance on the article sold,
as a compensation for trouble, and la
bor, and risk ; but wh’ch is, “as much
as you can get.” The profits accumu..
iated in this wav t or, at least all that
part of them ever and above a fair pre
mium for agenev, are so much taken
from others unjustly; and it is taken
from sufferers without their consent,
they not perceiving it, because it i3
done m a gradual manner and in very
small quantities t or extorted from
their wants. To exemplify.. Suppose
a shop-keeper buys several hogsheads
of sugar at nine cents per pound; we
will allow him three cents per pound
for his labor, risk, &c. which would
i bring it to twelve cent9 per pound :
j Bat the importation. of this article is
1 suddenly obstructed ; or the supply for
| the town from some casualty falls
! short; and, in consequence, the seller
• rises in his demand and requires fif
j teen cents per pound : the three cents
; additional would be as fraudulently ob
; twined, as the same excels would be
: Unjust in a man who in that proportion
j lived b. yond his income.
! Thus are our understandings deceiv.
| ed by modes; & one man shall pick your
; pocket in one way, with applause and
I with impunity ; whilst, if he were to
<!o it in another way, he v'ould be
whipped, pilloried, or sent to the peni
tentiary. Wealth lords it over the hu
man mind ; it seems to be the 1. ver
that moves every thing. It varnishes
vice; obscure* virtue; elevates dul
ness ; depresses talents ; beautifies
ugliness ; scandalizes beauty. Can
we wonder, when it thus commands
every thing, that it should be so much
courted —that men rdsh forward in
the pursuit of it in violation of every
principle of honor ? it is wealth that
creatt s in our minds the dHf:rence be
nveen ne man of proh's and the man
of extravagance. The man of profits
has money, and we follow: the man
of cx ravagance become poor, and we
desert and condemn him. Y( uny
men ! If jou h.;ve talents, take cafe of
your dollais : if you have no tah nt8,
take care of your dollars ! Y.
FOR THE ARGUS,
Charlotte, Sept. 2 Uh, 1810.
Mr. Editor,
IT appears to me t’lft there is, at
this crisis, an unprecented cachexy in
the body politic ; a id the f.toii dis
temperuiure seems in oar district to1
carry extraordinary symptoms. The
disorder has someh >w or other pro
duced a spcci‘ 8 of i i‘ellec*u il derange
ment; for the people, blind to thoii
condition, regard their diseased habit j
as the plethora of health. In some
physical distemperatures the neives
are exquisitely irritable,’ hut in this
dreadful Randolphorbiathatdomineeis
over us, there is no sensibility, but to j
the operating cause—no aversion but j
to truth—no dread, but of salutary pre- !
scription ! The people have reason,
but it is shrouded in a gloom of inf
nation. They yet possess a principle
of virtue, but know not how to exer
cise it—they retain the spirit of seif.
preservation, but cannot direct it_
they arc taught by the evil demon of
I their disease, to believe that white is
black and vice versa—they pursue a
phantom that glides oh towards dis*
traction, and they view the f/eUut'Fac-r
tion" as a political empyrctu^ How,
Mr. Editor, shall we restore this peo
ple tw their right senses ? They have
1>.cclV 0^crct* stimulants and restora
tives, •’but they prefer opiate* r And
why ? Perhaps the prescriptions have
heen too pridix-*—for. I know there is a
state, in which a lengthy direction wea
ries. If this lie the fact, let us fnsen
» blylead the patient into a knowledge
of his real situation, by a few short
!>ml plum qttes'ions, and afterwards
apply a nostrum. Who, fellow 'Citi
zens, rai-erl ouch a bustle about the
Marine in John Adams’s administra
tion? , Who was imrumcntal to the
downfal ol Adams, and the overthrow
of Anglicism ? Who new advocates
the principles, which he then anathe
intZcd ? Wild has basely calumniated
Mr. Jefferson? Mr. Gttlatin ? Mt.
Duane, and all those, who were once
his right hand brother politicians ?
Whtr, that fotmerly opposed the Eng
lish John Adams, now opposes him,
when a republican convert P * Who de
nounces YVm. D. Giles and his worthy
bju\d ot compatriots ? Who sides with
Pickering and the E^sex-Juntoites ?
Who defames your President, and
palms the charge ol' French influence,
upon your enlightened and patriotic
cabinet ? \\ ho is tlte subscription am •!
bassador, that subscribe/ to the British
system of blockade, and expressly sanc
tions the British principle ami act of
impressment ? Who gives a seal to the
slavery ot thousands cf vtiur fellow*
men, now immured in Biitish prison
ships ? Who palliated British edicts,
and extenuated British regression on
hoard the Chesapeake ? Who, in con
junction with a faction^ procured the
abortion of the Embargo, and threw
millions of youh property into the im
perial coffers of George and Bonaparte P
W ho prophecied the opposition that
would be made to our restriction sys
tem, and to verily the prognostication
encouraged a violation of its laws and
oi the provisional enforcements P—
Whose speeches have betn quoted as
orthodox at St. Janie->’s ? Who defends
the conduct ol a plenipotentiary that
Georg * HU himself uisowna ? Who
eul'qjis s the diplomatic agent of Co
penhagen memory P Who builds and
demolishes, and supports Paradioes, to
shew the greatness of his capacity l
Who defames in general, to displa'
the sportiveness ol his fancy, and the
poignancy of his saiite at the expense
of serious legislation P Who has
made wilful and gross, malicious and
interested misrepresentations concern
ing your navy and army P Who has
misrepresented and mocked you ?
But wh) fatigue you with questions ?
John Randolph is the man——he has
not only misrepresented you, but dc
ce’ved you—not only deceived, but
injuied you in a national point of view.
But some deny these plain facts, and
say that he is just now what he was
when he commenced his political career.
t answer, these questions are founded
on indubitable data, and I stand pledg
ed to support them with many others,
too tedious to enumerate at this time
—moreover that he has undergone a
metamorphosis in lii3 political charac
ter. I would. Fellow Citizens, sim
ply ask you this question—Have all
honest and well-tried patriots changed
and is John Randolph only, the same ?
Have the illuminati, and veterans ol
politics—have all republicans yielded
to corruption, and is John Randolph
onlv invinrilib ?_Unt TT^llnm
| zens, 1 will not insult you. You art
not corrupt—you have been deceived
and tantalized. Arouse from your
lethargy before it is too late, and by
wielding your elective franchise show
your enemies that you are vet freesnen,
republicans, Americans. The ensuing
election is your time to rise superior
to the tyranny of opinion and preju
dice—-Until w’hen, reflect, and he wise.
Let these hints sullice lor the pie
sent, Mr. Editor, anj be assured that
according to the reception of this, shall
be the future endeavour) of
TOM PLOUGHSHARE.
COMMUNICATED tUR TIIF ARGUS.
Seasonable advice to Tories.
Mr. Grattan in his celebrated lettei
to the people of Dublin takes occasion
*o speak of the American war, and ol
he America* Loyalist, or in othn
words of the Amencjn Tory: he says.
“The British government was mu
equal to the task ^diat is of conquering
the U. S.) even iu the plenitude ol
Empire, supoored by the different g>
vernments of the provinces, and by rh;
sad apostacy of the h ipless Lo alist;
that, Loyalisist, is a lesion o die rich &
great to stand by their cruntry in all si
tualions—ti. that in a contest with a re
mote court the first po»t of safety i* t>
stand by the country, and the seco-c!
I pf>*t nr salety is to c.t in.I by the c*»un
try, and the third post of safety i* tc
I stand by the country.”
'i’rorn the Public Advertiser*
NO PAPER BLOCKADE.
Tne United .Spates dispatch dvp may lw.
expected to return from France in n few
days, with the cffici-l account of the
vocation of all the French orders and de
creet that violate our natural rights »•
!f°?. a* the president receives that infer
his duty to make it
conformable *othe
- . . , •*«> ®»ter which,
our trade with England will be permitted
lor three months, -whin, if the president
has not received official notice of the n w
selpding of all the British orders s*nd do*,
^reea which rviolat$ our neutral rights—.
The exportation to British porta, and tlie
importation of goods, the growth, produce
n'r manufacture of .Britain or her depen „
deucies, will be prohibited, as nil) the im
perial,on of ail other go->ds frith British
pons. On this every man ought td cnli
sulate. The unprovoked injuries Britain
has been heap'ng on us Tor the last seven
years, 'leaves no room to anticipate jus*
lice from her nt th s tnue, She pill
doubtless revqke her November and A
pril orders in council^ but she will net it.*
bandon her paper blockades, the Kngl.-u
luims’erial papfcrs anticipate a speedy re.
peal of those orders: but they tell us if .we >
expect the British government to abaiHlqa •/
their nominal block ides, we shall be m u ,.
taken, and if those editors are not correct
-b what they antic pate, i shall be muti.
kco. And if they think the American
government will not punctually fulfil their
contract, they will be mistaken—r-..U
uoubts about good policy will be at an end
wneu the official accounts are receiveu of
the rescinding of the French orders and.
decices as it is at all times good pohgy
ior a , nation to do her duty and support
tier rights in away best calculat'd to si*,
cure them, and if it was not, the law is
pissed and the duty of the president isex«
pressly defined. The embargo would h tve
brought England to terms if it had beta
strlcily ednereti to a tsw mouths ‘longer,
anil the non. intercourse law willi4 she per.
mils it to come again into operation, br ng
her to terms before it is given up. She
ought not to calculate on the wavering
policy of the American government as she
will know the cause of the wavering ois.
t'waxiBVHi U4 IUC idSl V-»oil^rCSS 13 IXI»OVV:U itflCL
that those repuUi C4.ns who opposed th&
Embargo have been convinced of tiveir
error and will therefore be among lhei;-*»
der» in pushing such laws as will be the
most likely to give effixt to the nou inter.*
cuurae. *
A Friend to Commerce•
MISFORTUNE.
We
ilay ni
24 of t
by dea
some 1
scaled
.on b^i
terwar
might
Jeath
what c
circuit
vents,
as a a
The ]
on Sun
Cai»it<
noon.
fckljmonti Cfjcatre.
This Evening will be presented the
much admired Comedv called
TOWN and COUNTRY,
on
Which do you like jest
i o wnicn win ue aaueci, me musical
Farce of
THE CHILDREN IN THE WOOD.
There will beap^rformance To
morrow evening, being the last un.il the
twenty second of this month.
NOTICE! ! »
ALL Persons who have claims a.
gainst the estate of Peter Tinsley ‘
dec’d. are requested to send in »h :ir
accounts immediately to the subscri
ber, and all those indebted to said ea.
tate are imreatcd to make speedy pay.
mcnt :o
J AMES BROWN, Jr. adm’r.
Oct. 5, 1810. (jfj
N OTI C F.. '
ON Wednesday the lTtfc invent at the Um
dwelirg home of Pe er Thuley^ decerned
WILL BE SOLD,
By do:tion, »he Household a d Kitchen P,»f’
n‘lure and other personal prope.ty belonging
hil e'tae, among,? which are a Coach e snd
|i*ir of Uo-If and many other va n.iole a.title,
/fpp nved endorsed nego- *b * note, at 90 days
wili be required (*r all turns ab<ve % 5d-wUndee
that .om'cash,.
At aame time and place win be Hired , n&n'jir cf
SLAVES,
\mong wh-rti are a Carpenter, some valuable
Ponte servant, and seve al Usurer* accati rv-^
to p|,n»a ion work. The isrm* will be prvc.aim.
ed on the day of sale.
AND
On Wednesday 24fi» imian . at the pTantation of
the decedent in Han»vrr( tailed Me<H<f *b pt
7 roi re Utm Richmond. will L»e sol-. «.t ti* p(r
i-nal p'uptt'jr there n, cooai*;ing of Horses
Cattle*. She p^ Hogs, plantation ntensiM
?.nd he crop of (’i n now standing—-T» ;v%
annth* '•redit will he giv^n on alt' waai aonvc
vervy nollar*. tb« puichaaer, giving n md with
,ipiO/*d seen itf.
Jamci Crgwn, ir, Alm’r.
OAubtc 4:tg 1119, id*