©itgmta 3lrra3.
RICHMOND :
'TUESDAY,' MARCH % 1*08.
M«. GILES’S BILL..
IX our observations on this interesting
subject, we have hitherto considered the
«>*!<.*stionsSrhetUer Congress his a riif/tt to
pass an act to expound the Constitution,
and whether that right ought to be exerci
sed on the present occasion. The result of
our reflections has been to determine, (ac
cording to the best of our judgment,) both
those questions in the affirmative. If in
this we are mistaken, it is an error we
shall regret; and, whenever it can he de
iro’>stra»e'l, by fair argument, to be such,
we are r-ady to renounce it; but not ’till :
then. ,....
The merits of the bill itseif are next to
be considered; and here we are sorry to
sav that we find a gre it ileal to disapprove.
In extending the doctrine of treason to ca
ses of armed opposition to any particular
act of congress, or of an assemblage to
take nossession of any vessel belonging to
*be United States, the framer of this bill
h »s evidently gone too far
Tn the first Instance we conceive he has
fallen into the ermr of Judge Chase in the
tv;al <*f Fries, and classed under the deno
mination of treason offences amounting on
Jv to i riot, or seditious assembly-; and, in
the second, li:»5 declared such acts to he
treasonable as constitute not an actual
Crime, hut are merely evidence of an in
fenU'jn to commit robbery or fiiracj, and
i,at treason. It appears clear to us, that
the intent to destroy the soverci ;nty of the
United States, either totally, Hr. in some
part of their territories, is an essential in
gredient in treason, and that, when such
intent has progressed to the assembling of
m m for that purpose, the crime is then
complete, whether the person, at whose in
stance, and by whose procurement, the as
semblage takes plaoe, he present at the
kerne of action or not. Such we apprehend
was the able and correct definition of the
offeneft given.by the counsel tor the prose
cution in the trial’of Aaron Burr, in con
the amnion of the Supreme
Court in The case of Hillman and Saoar
twmit, which definition, we believe, has
been generally approve^ m the true e*p >
aition of the Constitution, supported by the
best co.nmon law authorities relative to the
meaning of the words “ levying wi>\”
All that, on the present occasion, the
public good requires from Congress is, to
give that definition the sanction of their au
thority! in oppositi -n to the unintelligible
and unconstitutional decision by which it
■was overruled. This is nocesjary to he
done, to prevent a system from being es
tablished as law, hv which traitors would
never be punished, until after they had ac
tually waged as well :.s hv: ' L w ir against
'their country, and, having shed, perhaps
torrents of blood and perpetrated innume
rable mischiefs, wort* defeated and taken.
The object is to prevent this by declar
ing the meaning of the words levying war,
as distinguished from making or waging
war; ami to usit seems that noth ng more
ought to be done, or can be done by Con
gress without violating the Constitution.
It may he said that this very ilifF-rence
of opinion, concerning the extent of the de
finition, shews the danger of vesting Con
gress with the power of expounding the
Constitution, and is an argument to prove
that they da not possess that power at all.
To this we answer; the possibility that a
power may be abused is no proof that it
does not exist; nor even that such a power
is not in many cases, expedient and ne
cessary. It only proves that it ought to be
used with great caution and discretion ;
and that those who p-i-vcrt it to evil pur
poses deserve the censure and reprobation
of their constituents
It never has been denied that the Jud
ge* have the power of expounding the con.
stitution; which, we conceive, necessarily
involves that of declaring an act of Con
gress unconstitutional: Yet this power lay
them may sometimes ue exerteu improper,
ly. In the same manner, we say .that Con
gress possesses the power of declaring the
opinions of thr J•inches unconstitutional
altho’ they mny sometimes exert it impro
perly. If they commit a mistake in so do
ing, it is at their peril; and, if the Jui
gen are right, and they are wrong, the stan
legislatures au-1 the people, must deoi'U
between them. If this wo* tin* th® ®ase
the Judges might succc3sivc*ly defeat even
provision in the Constitution, or counteract
every act of congress, oti the pretence o
its being unconstitutional ; and the only re
medv would be by perpetually rccqrringti
amendovjnts to the instrument itself Tht
members of Congress also, as well as tht
Judges, take an oath to support the Consti
tution Surely, then, the obligation to sop
port it must convey the corresponding pow
cr of interpreting its meaning so far, at a
tin rates us is necessary to iavr it frott
destruction.
All human institutions arc imperfect
and subject to corruption and abuses. Con
press-men, Judges, State Legislatures am
the People are all men, and therefore fal
lible or vicious. Such too is the imperfee
tion of language, that no words cm he ine<
in any written instrument which may no
be misinterpreted by weak, wicked, o
craftv men. This being the case, how
ever frequently the Constitution of the IT
nited States mav be amended, difficuitie
will always be found, as well in the amend
ments, as in the original text. The onl;
standard therefore which can be ultimate
ly resorted to, for the purpose of settliii]
the contending interpretations, which mu;
be put upon it by judges and legislators, i
the Ptrai.ic Ormioji; and, imperfect n
that stand trdis, it must be the rule, so ion
ns the Pk.opi.k. are the source of all powe
in our government. From that On*to:
there can he no appeal, but to itself, bv en
lightening the public mind by means of rea
•on and argument, thro* the medium of th
press. Thro’that medium, therefore, w
submit the*e observations to the Pro!*L?
actuated by a sincere desire that even, i
Incorrect, they miy, at least, contribute t
throw some light on this important suhjrci
IT is true, as stated in the last Virgin!ar
♦hat Mr. 11. Banks did send to the Edita
of toe \rguo, the Wing, itith a request tha*
he would c >»>/ therefrom a piece on the sub
ject of th; presidential election. Mr. Banks
vus told that there was no objection to the
piece, but that we were so occupied with
the proceed tugs of congress and our state
legislature, uod a mass of other original
matter, that it coulrl not then be published—
that others had an equal claim upon us in
this respect with Mr. B. and that if every
person who thought proper to send u> news
papers with similar requests, were to be
gratified, that our columns would be exclu
sively occupied in this way—that if he would
himself write on the subject, his production
should be immediately inserted in the Argus.
Mr. Banks seemed at the time satisfied.
But after a lapse of several weeks, behold
we have been arraigned at the bar of the
public, in the Virginian, for our offending*
herein.
It is with pleasure we observe that the
very able and eloquent speech of Col Smyth,
of Wythe, on the resolution introduced in
our last Legislature by Mr. Oholson, for an
amendment to the constitution, to render the
judges responsible, is republishing in many
of t'.ie most respectable prints in the U. S.
with high eulogiums on the author.
COMMUNICATION.
IT is expected that the public will be fa
vored with an Appendix to the Trial of Aa
ron Burr for Treason, consisting of a newe
dition of Duncan’s Logic, with notes criti- |
Cal and explanatory, by Luther Martin, to
gether with a few Jixtracta from the best
! authors on the science of quibbling ; to which (
will be aided a general Gloss iry of the
I whole work, revised and corrected, by C. .T.
Marshall. The Glossary will be highly
ns: fiil. provided it has no resemblance to
the original, to remedy which evil, should
! it unfort 11 lately occur, a Krtt will be fur
nish _‘d by the author of a consjrr.iey uguinat
all the religion* and government* in the
world by the society of the Illuminati.
Mr. ticnj »'nm j. narr > s i ooncco .vi a
nnfactory i » this city took fiic on Sunday
morning 1 i^t, and the whole ot the build
ings. together with a considerable quantity
of Tobacco weix- entirely destroyed.
Extract* from the fia'§tihlef, entitled “ Oil
without Vinegar, and Dignity without
Pride: or Rrttlxh, Jitacricah and JVeat
India Tntcrc*fa considered."
As it is i-npoSji, le for America to send
her West India produce to England, she is
! obliged to look out (or another market, and
: the business is generally done as follows:
A merchant in America forms a connection
with a merchant in London, who informs
him of the names of his correspondents in
Holland, France, Spain, Russia, Hamburg,
1 Stc advising him that if he will make a
shipment of West India produce, and send
the ship to his correspondent in either place,
he may, upon sending him hills of Ud ng of
the property, and orders to insure rhts sum,
i draw bill * u #on him for one half, or three
! fourth's of th : value, and when he supposes
’ the ship arrived, draw for the remainder,
i Althpugh the whole amount of property
se:>t in tutu w.<y to Europe is very great, I
am now speaking of West India produce
only an l consider the amount 7.000 0001.
1 will in the firstrtnV.aoce make a state
ment, supposing this trade w as ul lowed with
out interruption.
; The merchant in London having recciv
j ed advice of the hlpment of the property,
| and orders to insure, does it with London
j underwriters.
i Insurance upon 7.000 000/. Ame
rica to a market in Europe at
a low average, of 4 guineas per
cent. 1.287,000
The rnrrchant who transacts the
business ijets 1-2 p er cent. 35,000
Government for policy stamps 1-4
per cent. 17,500
The English manufactures sell
2,000,000 more of their goods
than they would otherwise sell,
unon which I calculate the na
tion receives 25 percent, profit, 500,000
£ 839,500
The result of this concern being closed,
I estim i»e :h:it America gets in the first in
stance by tint transaction with the West In
dies, 1,099,000 and 500 900 upon the Euro
pean part of ihe transaction : that Great
i Britain gels 839„>00/.!>v it. Her manufac
turers sell for two millioivj more goods than
they would otherwise do. British manufac
, ‘ turns receive pnvment fur 7,000.000/. of
the 9.009 000/. imported by America from
England, and America by carrying on the
t-ndc, i*revents 1,209 000 innocentindividu
• ! als fro n starving.
i A!! the wri'ers against the trade have
! been very fortuiiafe in their plans to pet
: ; possession of the produce, but none of them
• i iinve the. humanity to suggest, any mode of
• j supply ng the productive laborers with the
■ | necessaries of life ; yet this is the trade
• which England ami America are to go to
war about! !
I will now eyp'.-iin linw this trade is, or
, | has been carried on, to-show what any man
• under the. present regulations may expect.
I A nufi/iottfd irannaction.
Low dob, January 14, 1^03.
. Messrs. Well-wishers, BrothersJk Co.
I Merchants, Philadelphia,
t Hear Sirs,
HAVING an opportunity of knowing
- the result of the Cabinet Council, in which
• it was last night determined to rescind thcii
i last order in Council respecting American!
• carrying West India produce, which ordci
r will appear in the Gazette of Saturday, w
• the restrictions intended are so few, 1 thinl
; the e.ommerr * perfectly safe,
’ By the last advices T had from my friends
i Messrs. Vanspangel and Co. Amsterdam, a!
• per price current annexed, I would strong
r lv advise your immediate purchasing foi
r thirty thousand pounds of Havannah augur
: for thirty thousand pounds of Muscovado
- ami for forty thousand pounds of coffee, am
- shipping it to my friends Messrs. Vanspan
• j gel and Co. Amsterdam, and upon reccip
.* | of your letter, with advice for insurance an<
. i bills of lading, vnu may draw upon me fo
f< three fourths the amount. I have so hig'
t an opinion of such a speculation, and of ir
answering, that if the articles are not high
er than they were in your price current
, /4th January, 1S02,1 wiil be half concernct
r with you in the speculation.
I i n, Sir* your very* hum’dir *ervn«*.
MOS iS ATTENTIVE.
P. S. You must make your purchases im
mediately, for alter the order of C junci
appears on Saturday, every person wil
know of it, an l be sanding out similar or
ders and advice.
London, March 4, 1803.
Messrs. Well wishers, Brothers Sc Co.
Merchants, Philadelphia.
Gentlemen,
I HAD the pleasure of writing yoi
on the 14’h January, 1803.
I am truly sorry to inform you that yes
terday, at a Cabinet Council, it was deter
mined to rescind the former order in Coun
cil respecting Americans carrying West
India produce, and to lie more strict, they
have determined to bring in all Americans
with sugar and coffee. 1 hope this will lit
in time to prevent your making the ship
ment I pointed out to you. I am afraid wc
shall be ruined if you have. \Vaiting the
event, I am.
Sir,
Your very hitmhle servant,
MOSES ATTENTIVE.
On the first of April the following letter is
received:
Philadelphia, 7th of third month, 1807.
Moses Attentive. London.
Respected Friend,
YVe yesterday received thy letter of
the 14th of the first month, ami we feel plea
sed that thy government have relaxed tllcir
unfriendly measures towards us
Feeling confident that the sugar and cof
fee will answer, we have lost no time in ma
king the purchases and hiring the following
tliroe ships :
The William Penn, Obadiah Underdone,
Master.
C- To,.. UK .for.... ,1
Six Sisters; Zachariah Anxious.
We trust »e shall b? able to send them
all to sea this week. We inclose their hill
of lading and invoice, amounting to one huh
•Iretl and eight thousand pounds. Thee wil
be particular to insure immediately, Willi
am Penn, 40,0(H)'.; Father and Son, 35,000/.
Six Sisters, 33,000'.
We have availed out selves ofthv permis
sion to draw fur the proportion as under
and beg to let thee know that we consider
thee one half concerned.
Wishing the ships well with thy friends,
We arc yours assuredly,
! WFJ.LWISHERS, BROTHERS, And Co.
P. S. We hope thee will always hear us
! in mind, and let us kiiow part of thv early
I information.
Bills as untie1*:
! Dated 7th of the third month, in favor of
Caleb Jones, of Liverpool, 20,000/,
Owen Thompson, Leeds, 25,000/,
Solomon Overgrown, (Glasgow, 10,000/
Jesse Wishwell, Bristol, 15,000/
Ezekel Nogood, London, 100J.
Win. Cruikshanks, Manchester, 100/
Mr. Moses Attentive accordingly insures
his three ships, and in about a week, get>
j up, goes to Lloyd’s, waits with great imps
* lienee until Mr. Pompous struts in with a
1 list of the arrivals of the morning to put on
j the book; and the first ship he enters is the
William Penn, from Philadelphia to Am
sterdam taken by a British ship, and car
vied into Bermuda.
Mr. Attentive scratches his head, goes
home and finds the following letter :
Bk it mud a, 20th March, 1803.
Mr. Moses Attentive,
Snt,
I AM sorry to inform jrdtl, that on my
voyage from Philadelphia to Amsterdam,
in Long. (38 Lat. 34. 1 fell in with the En
glish frigate John Bull, Captain I’akeall,
who asked me the following questions.
“ What ship is that ?’*
William Penn.
«* Where from ?”
Philadelphia.
“ Where bound}”
Amsterdam.
“ What have you got on board ?’*
Sugar nnrl coffee.
“ Did you say sugar and coffee ?”
Yes.
“ Back your main ton-sails, receive oi
board a lieutenant and t»n men, and bcsn
away for Bermuda.”
After a very unpleasant voyage, we ar
rived here yesterday.
Your obedient Servant,
ABED1AH UNDERDONE,
i N. B. Pray immediately send me a lettei
[ of credit, to prosecute my suit, for I have
no money, and the Proctors will not go or
j without having it; though ill*judges do no
other American ships sent in before me
whose causes come on before mine. I an
sorry to say our friend, Messrs. Weliwish
fr, Brothers and C i.*s ship St. Tamman]
i from Batavia to Philadelphia is one of tin
: number.
The next day Mr. Attentive goes t<
! Lloyd’s and finds vhe Vat her and Son cap
j turedby tbe Lyon British frigate, and car
, ried into Halifax, and the Six Sisters cup
lured and carried into Cork by tbe Justici
English frigate.
The bills being near due, Mr. Attentivi
speaks to the underwriters, who tell him
“ we did not know this was Enemy’s proper
“ty that you was insuring, and we have no
“thing to do with it. It the property ha<
** not been Enemy's it would not have beei
“raptured by tbe English frigates, and w
“arc surprised, Mr. Attentive, you woul
“ insure Spanish property.”
Ail the property being locked up, Mr
Attentive fails : when the bills return to ill
, manufacturers Mr. Thompson, and Mi
Jones, they fail ; the other bill holders curs
. the Americans for being such rogtrfcs as t
draw hills without effects, and the whole t
the bills are sent back to recover of Messrs
Well wishers, Brothers and Co. and as th
J damages in America upon all bills that g
back is 20 per cent, they fail also. In aboti
. j two years after the judges find out thispre
perty is not enemy's, and give it up ; but th
| law expenses are so great that they mk
j | away about 15s. in the pound, so that th
concern is cleared by the creditors gettin
. a dividend of 5s.
tV<SHr*c,roH Crtr, March\ 2.
» 1 The citv was yesterday full of report
t announcing th* fall of New Orleans befor
• j the potent arms of Col. Burr and Oen
, f Moreau, between whom an alliance wj
l i pitched up to give plausibility to tbe stnr)
We have sought information at ever
| source frnir. which it was fn hr «*vp<» 4cd
I and can coufi iently s iy there is not the teas;
•[foundation for this rumor. Intelligence
1 , fro n New Orleans is received down to the
l ’ first week in February, when every thing
• in that quarter was tranquil.
(.\<U. Intel )
Case or Jons Smith—Tuesday, March
j 1—-the day appointed for hearing his de
' fence on the resolution of expulsion. Mr.
Smith did not himself appear. His counsel
applied for further time, and stated that
Mr. Smith was desirous of obtaining testi
■ mony from the Mississippi 5c Orleansterri
tories, ?cc. The Senate took, no other order
on this application than the reference to
a select committee of various depositions
addressed to their Secretary.
It is reported that General D'Alvirtmr,
of the French Army, lias lately arrived in
this country, vested wilh a very important
mission from his government to congress.
I That officer, endowed with great talents,
and well known throughout Europe by bis
i voyages through Greece, Egypt, and the
Levant, was brought up with the Emperor
Napoleon, at the royal military school Du
ring the last campaign of St. Domingo he
was Its adjutant general to Gen. Le Ciercj
| and has often been employed in the Spanish
''Colonies of the continent, sometimes vested
with the most difficult missions in which he
lias never failed to succeed.—A'. J*. ficficr.
j Gen. D’AlVibia*—Who is Gen. D’Al- ]
vimar? or what is D’Alvirnar to us? If he j
conducts himself properly and as he knows I
how, no doubt, being a traveller, we hope |
he will be treated by our countrymen with j
that attention which is due to the gentleman i
and distinguished foreigner. The federal |
prints make as much ot his being here, ns
if he had brought tne Legion of Honor with i
him I —JJui)lic Adv. j
The following fact, we presume, will dis- ^
si[iate the apprehensions entertained res- j
jvetingthe projects of Bonaparte on Lmnsi- j
ana, to be executed through the agency of |
general Moreau : —
“Madame Moreau arrived at Bordeaux, i
in tiie ship Eli?.a, from New Yrk. She i
1 was immediately arrested by the Police and I
confixed to her hotel Under a guard, without I
being permitted to write to or speak with
’ any o: her friiiiJ*” j
J?<r7t/<W, one of the ex-director? of the late
French government, tlietl at Colmar, on the
Upper Rhine, on the 23d of Nov. last.
Population or Kentucky.
\ccording to the commissioners’ returns
for the last year, Kentucky contains forty- j
nine thousand two hundred and twelve “free '
male inhabitants above the age of twenty one !
years.” —
Should the resolutions and bills before com- :
gress become laws, the organized force o. |
, the U. States, will consist of 36,000 men. j
^ . Whig.
i An act to provide for the defence ot the J
Northern and Western frontiers of the state
of N. York, was passed by the Legislature
of that state on the 6tU inst.—It author.ses
the governor to cause to be deposited at such :
; pl tees in the country of (ienesee, as he shall j
think, fit, 500 stands of arms—at Canaudai- j
gua 1000 stands, at Onondaga 500, at Cham- I
pioo, Jefferson county 500—at Rome 700—.
and at such places in the counties of Essex
and Clinton as the governor shall think lit, J
500stands—and that the governor also cause ;
to be transported to the above places, such !
quantities of ammunition and military store*
as in his opinion will be requisite, in case of
invasion. The light pieces of field artille
ry and equipments likewuie to be distribu
ted among the companies of artillery not al
ready provided, giving a preference to those
nearest the frontiers.
From (hr Baltimore ytmrrican.
In the year 1760, a declaration was pub
lished by the empress of Russia, addressed I
to the court of London, Versailles and .Via- j
dritl. In this it was observed, “ that her ;
i imperial majesty had given such convincing i
proofs of the sti ict regard she had for the j
rights of neutrality, and tiie liberty of com
■ merce in general, that it might have been
hoped her imperial conduct would have en
titled her subjects to the enjoyment of the
advantages belonging to neutral nations.
■ j lixperience had, however, proved the con
‘ trary : her subj*fcs had been molested in
, 1 their navigation by thesliipsand privateers
:; of .the belligerent powers ” Her majesty,
; therefore, declared, “that she lound it vie.
( | ceL«sary to remove these vexations which
> had been offered to the commerce ot Rti*
, sia ; hut before she came to any ser ous
• measures, she thought it just and equitable
• to expose to the world, ami particularly to
the belligerent powers, the principled she
i h;.d adopted for her conduct, which were
. as follow :
. “That neutral ships should enjoy a free
. navigation, even from port to port, and on
• the coasts of the belligerent powers ; that
all effects belonging to the belligerent pow
f ers should be looked upon as tree on hoard
, such neutral ships, with an exception ot
- places actually blockaded or lies eged, and
- with a proviso that they do not carry to the
1 i enemy warlike stores and ammunition,” and
i j invited all neutral powers to make a com*
• ' moil cause with her,
• j A very cordial answer was received from
the court of France. On this occasion it
• 1 was said by his most Christian majesty, »• that
^ ' what her imperial majesty claimed from
’■ the belligerent powers, was nothing more
E than the rules prescribed by the French iih
’ vy.” But the court of London returned but
r civil answer. Having been in the habits
’ of commanding on the seas, they considered
c as they do now power and right to be syno*
n nvmoits terms. That armed neutrality, as
1 it was termed, gave a fatal blow to the n
surpeil authority of Great Britain on the
; highway of nature. Her embarrassments
’ from this source were aggravated by the
e consideration that they came from a pow*
K cr in whose friendship she had confided.
| [Letter enclonnl in thr Message.from thr
i President, fiu'dished in the Argun uj
i, Friday. VV Aft Dk p a ft T M ft H T,
e February 2+, iaos.
. Thr President of the United State*.
i 3IH,
I take the lifvertv of suggesting whe.
y iher, under existing circumstances, it would
not he advisable id propose to coi^ft r k:>
tugmcntation of our regular troops a*
is practicable; mill also the engaging nod
organising of twenty four thousand v'ojun
• tors, on the principles 1 had the hufior o\
proposing for your consideration, thfc gene
ral outlines of wh ch are contained in the
paper marked No. 1.
Thfc number of regular troops I wot/Jd
propose being raised immediately, is si*
thousand, to be Composed of suitable pro
portions of infantry, artillery, Cavalry mid
riflemen, and organised as stated in the en
closed paper, marked No. 2
It may be presumed, that, previous to ihd
close of the present session, congress will be
possessed of such farther Information in rtl*
gard to our foreign relations, as will be ne
cessary for forming an ultimate opinion otl
t the expediency or inexpediency of a gr»d*
ter augmentation of our army than i» hot/
proposed ; ami, in the mean time, measure#
may be taken for the recruiting service iU
different parts of the U S.
In the event of war it will, I presume* f)#
considered necessary to arrange our mili
tary force into separate deparments, and to
have a commander to eatli department, and*
ol course* to have no such officer as a com«*
inander in chief; and, until a laigtr army
shall lie raised than is now proposed it may
not be advisable to have any onicers above
the rank of brigadier generals ; of that gradO
it may be proper to have four or five, a#
soon as a suitable proportion of the troops in
raised
With sentiments of the highest respect*
i am, Sir, Your humble servant,
H. DEA.KBOHN.
(No“l.)
It is proposed to have engaged in the sc*
veral states and territories, twenty-four*
thousand volunteers, to be enlisted to serve
twelve months in any twenty-four months*
within the term of five years, at such time*
and places as the president of the U. States
shall direct to be armed ami equipped by
the U. Slates ; and to be regularly encam*
l ies from two to three months in each year ;
anil be exercised under the direction of in
spectors to be appointed by the presidenC
of the U. States ; to receive pay and rati
ons and be furnished with camp equipage
and one suit of uniform cloathing once int
three or four years , the officers, except the
inspectors and paymasters, to be appointed
by the respective states } the pay. annual
ly, to commence the day they march for the
respective encampments, and to continue
until their return home, allowing one day
for each twenty miles march to and from
the encampments ; nocorp ral punisnment*
to be inflicted, hut all offences to be punish
ed by close confinement and short allow
ance, or fines or both ; the commissioned of
ficers to be governed by the rules and arti
cles of war established for the regular ar
my : the 24,of>0 to be apportioned on the
states and territories, in such proportion afl
circumstances may require, and in such pro
portions of infantry, artillery, cavalry and
riflemen, as the president of the U. S. shall
direct; and org inize into companies, bat
talions. regiments and brigades, or other
corps, as shall be found expedient accord*
ing to the numbers in each slate itrSpective
ly ; and to he encamped in the respective
states & territories, at such time and place,
or places, as the president of the U. S. shall
from lime Lu time direct.
(No. 2.)
The six thousand regular troops may con
sist of five 1: gimenta of infantry, one regi
ment of riflemen, one regiment of light ar
tillery, and one regiment of light cavalry.
The regiments of infantry, riflemen and
artill-my to consist of ton companies each,
and the regiment of cavalrv of eight com
panies. The field and staff of each regi
ment to consist of one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, one major, one adjutant, one quar
ter m.ister, one paymaster, one surgeon, ons
surgeon’s mate, one sergeant major, one
quarter master sergeant, and two principal
musicians, and the regiment of cavalry one
riding master.
Each company of infantry and riflemen,
to consist of one captain, one first l.euiett
ant, one second lieutenant, one ens'gn, four
sergeants, four corporals, four musician*,
and sixty eight privates.
Each company of artillery to consist of
one captain, one first lieutenant, one second
lieutenant, two cadets, four sergeants, four
corporals, four musician*, eight artificers,
and flit, eight privates.
Each « ©mpany of cavalry to connkt of ot)9
contain, one first lieutenant, one second
lieutenant, one cornet, four sergeants, lout*
corporate, two musici «’‘s, one saddler, one
farrier, und th.ry eight privates.
REMOVAL.
T^TF have removed ' ur <~©t»n;inghotJ,-»! to the
V* house irrnrr ti'iaiel) below, and con'iraoM
to the one v.e havr. hithi-rto occupied, wh re we
have for «»‘e, Mj cvaJo Sugar by H.e hogshead
or barrel, bhe»*y Wine, in quarter casks, and#
few cates O d C!»»e of iupr>i rt)«tluy,
HOB' KT fc. ALL \N KOLLOK, k Co,
March 8.J80S (tf)_
iiv vmue (T.i (t fd oi trust. « xe
-o fd Ly Zacbathh Ha I < n >he 27 b day of April
IbOT to u , m order in 'ecurc • h# payment <•?
a certain sum of money omo j.c b rackltr a.id
Shap&rd and l.ucke ar.d nil coats it r.m red by
carrying the tatr.c into t-flen / we shall at thd
Fag’e Tavern in »* e city < f Lichfnntwi, on Sa#
tu*cLy iho twet.nd day of April nest, between
the hours of un ard two cf that rtcy,) rucecd te
sell for ca;h to the highest bidder, hat Valuable
and well known ttao1 of land, lyng In Chester
field county, cn 'he main llw kingbam 8' 4
distant ttom the town cf MauchCner 17 mile*,
containing by estimation one htv dud and tjtt.cy
acres, m-we or Its'-— the imprr.vetntm* »*e new,
ami consist of a convenient dwelling brute, store
bouse, ki’cben, &C ard <nan<Jtce IVr.t t i jehr
borhood for business of any kind.
Thomas Taylor, VfYiis#
Henj. Slirjipaul, \tc« s.
I March 4. lkt-8 ids
Attention !!!
I "pilK Subscriber re»f*-(i fully iriiortn* fb# , ill,
J X zrns «f H'chmond and it* vuiwt, ikttt :t0
| has opened a 7‘n,,loft» Sb p in Mr Cot in'*) on* \t
; one door ahov Mr. Brown', vendue u&c r, * I er#
, he in-end* to carry o;i lb* business t. a’l <1#
branch, *. Hr hoj *-s hits w.ct a'tervofi to •**
duty will give hint ei < i.tna, r*» , and afl’orti av
tiiftciion to the public,
Jo! r. StCVC fl's/
H thi..®)id, Match 7, 18(.K, 2j*