WHEELING COMIPniLER. 4
VOL- 1_WHEELING, JANUARY 6, 1830. ^NO. ^ST^ I
kttlEELIXti COMPILER.
r -Mon.MVR, n
1KMSTKONG i UHREN,
., I c'M u.-" i fmt s Stans, Main s.
V •" ■■■»#> -
, f.
k
••if land e. If j-ax mini
i Duifars will
■N tion discontinued »mU a!l arrearage
, r t at rn-i ( -up ti m of the Editor:
[ PRICES OF ADVERTISING,
per equate, £1 00
for sixmos’nr*
$•’ O')
H,r two squares.
ituloiuvg.
G. TEMPLETON
Ba fiPKlTFlLl-V inform* the Citizens of
i W heeling and vicinity, that he has cummen
.jrv Knox A M K. «fs Warehouse, lie tlat
hifiscM? 'hat from his long experience in ».«d
av give him a talL
> Dee. 16. lf?9-ll(n.
.More of the Beautiful.
J. FlstlEIt & SOX,
WE juM received an additional supply of
Pi table for Chi Y . \ • >r'*
e-i.ts. arming which are—THE TOKEN,
TLANTIC SOLVENEIH. TV HS
IAN. PEARL, 4 YOl Til'S KEEP
.AK.E With a variety of ALRUMS -idon
<|r bound. A few copisn WISH-TON
risn or sale or hire,
ling, Dec 10
he Journal of HEALTH.
vnrcTTO AY AS ASSOCIATION or PHYSICIANS.
—•#+».
ocr man’* riches, the rich man’s bliss.
~~ iiO9-—
Tr.i1 primary object with the coadacto
)IRN\L OF HEALTH, ri to p rint out the
of preserving health and preventing disease,
i Attain this, all domes and both seves sh til !>o
dr •» d. n a style familiar and friendly, and with
ivu.iance o: such professional terms and alia
e s as would in any way obscure the subject or
inn the riMst fastidious. The fruits ot much
nc, study, most careful observation, shall be
•I before thom, so arranged and applied as to
( iic-j most etRsnciousiy to their bodily comfort
d mental tranquillity. To whntever profession
calling tWp noy th* rwuders of thi-s
umal will find precepts susceptible of valuable
ideation. Air, food, eiereise, the reciprocal
(ration of uatud and body, climate and localities,
Mtiutg and the physical education of children
topics of permanent and pervading interest,
uh the discussion and elu'id.ttion of which the
ges of the work will be mainly tilled.
RECOMMENDATION of the work.
We approve of the plan on wltich the ptiblica*
Mi, entitled the “Journal of Health’' is cou
nted, and believe, that it is calculated to be use
1, by enlightening public opinion on a subject of
gli importance to the w'‘li tre of >ocietv. The
iiuiiers which have appeared, evince talent, aud
lay be vice, ed as a pledge of the continued use
lines* of the publication, while conducted by its
talent editors. We, therefore, feci no hesitation
irecommending it to public patronage.
ri’i'uultlpkia, (Atuber 13, 1 629.
N. Oiaptaan, m. o. j
l\. P. be wees m. D. ( Professors a, if10 j;. of Fa.
r. t. J lines, m. d. I
V\. E. Horner, m t> (
Lhu C. Utto, M. D.
Tho*. T. liswson, M. &
iransun uacne, u. i'.
Rev. Janus Montgomery, Ii. D. Rector of >t
Stcpiien’a Church.
"Wm.ll Do Laticey, D. D. Prorost of the
l'in varsity of Pennsylvania.
*B. B. Smith, EJitor of the Philadelphia Kc*
< rder, and Rector of Grace Church.
* G. T. Bedell, Rector of St. Andrew’s Church.
H James Abercrombie, If D. \osistant Mhuattr
of Christ Cl». arid St. Peter’s.
lacksun Kern:» r. Assistant Minisier o C ‘ r st
Church and st. Peter’s.
"Thomas II. Skinner. 1>. D. Pastor of the Fittb
Presbyterian Church.
Wua. >1 Engles. Pastor of The Seventh Pres
byterian Church.
JJ i.„ Hughes, Pastor of St. Joseph's Catholic
Church.
‘'Michael Hurley, Pastor of St. Augustine t atho
lifi Church.
B n. II Fumes; P > ;tOT of the tir.-t Congrega
t;onal Cl lurch.
•* W. T. Brantly. Pastor of the First Baptist Ch.
vad Editor of tin ColumbiaoStar
Jno. L. Dagg Past .r of the Fifth Baptist Ch.
• Solomon Higgins, Pastor of the Methodist
Episcopal Union Church.
Manning Force, Pastor of St. George's Metho
dist Episcopal Church.
In addition to the above, the names of a num
ber of highly esteemed members of the different
ptofessiona. who are subscribers to the work,
ta^ht be adduced as expressive of the estimation
ft which it is held. With one voice, the public
Ecss from one end of the conv.nent to the other,
•s spoken of the Journal of Health in terms of
unvjuivocal commendation.
TERMS.
I Jovrn vt or Hr.ALTH will appear in Num
- «ts of 16 page'' each, octavo, on the second and
urth Wednesdays of every month. Price per
.;.ri m jfcl V», ui advance. Subscriptions and
communications (po<;t paid) will be received bv
Jnr iM Dob v >, Agent, NM. l - Cli-. -nut Street,
Vniladtlphia.
Subscribers at a distance Will discover, that the
*: ufty in remitting; , mount of a single sub
triptton wLH be obviated bv ally four of them
.ending on five dull irs to the agent. Those tc
w hom this may no! bo convenient, c m recoivt
sixtren number* of the work by remitting a dollai
to the same person.
The Journal of Health, including index, wil
f rm at the end of the year a volume of 400 page?
octavo.
AceXm.— J. Dobson. 1°? Chesnut Street. Phila
detohia; IK. J. Xeat, Baltimore; H’m. Burgtss
-*• Fulton street. New York; Carter <v Hen dec
Hootonj ar.d in most cf the tywuain the Unit*
7hxnb<r 9, IS?1
TO CAPITALISTS AND"
>f \ IV T FA CT T H KHs.
THE Subscribers offer for sale a large
Mam kai "eking Establishment
|/»\N ibe Ohio litver, adjoining the upper em
the towu of Wheeling, consistin'* of <
ForM)H\ 70 feet by 00 fect-vvhh tiv0°FvH
! sacts; together with all necessary fixtures—aNr
« wy Hrgo assortment of patterns of the mos
approve, I description fur Steam Engines—Sngai
' milk I -How ■v. are A c. A v erv substantial Brid
j uvrL Shop.* feet wide and luOfeet long—three
' 1 4"» containing drums and lathes—a bur
in* mill, and all appendages required fur the con
stPi' ti’-n oi Steam Engines of the largest dimen
3ions—the \v hole propelled Lv a first rate steam
Engine ot 10 horsepower; which raises a very
large supply of water from the Ohio K:\er for the
use of the works.
lb-. • will al.-o yell the v.!iolc, or such oart ol
llirt vajual-le tract of Land adjoining the above
building - .i- maybe desired—the whole Comeri*
mg a bo it 120 or 130 ACRES, «0 e-r «J0 ACHES
of which contains a stratum of excellent stone coal
j troni 4 to 7 feet thick, supplying tlie works at one
[cent per bushel; two BRICK HOUSES of three
[ ’tones each—one two story do—a frame veaso
' house, a large Barn, rind 6 or 7 frame houses' iyr
j the Accommodation of work bands.
This property king bounded on the Ohio River
nearly three fourth of a mile afford* depth of wa
ter ct all times sufficient to sustain steam boots,
which can be built or repaired v\ i.hin 60 vards of
the works.
Application by letter, or otherwise, to either of
the subscribers will be promptly attended to. If
not sold by the 1st April, tlio aLuve property will
be rented for a term of years.
JOHN McLCRE.
JAMES H FORSYTH.
THOMAS WOODS.
Deccnlbei 9.1S29—24 if.
N. B. AU persons having claims ngain-.t ‘■aid
Company, will present them for settlement.—And j
all those indebted, ure requested to make immedi j
ale ^avlhenut to tin* subsenber, who is authorized
to receive the same. )• UsT
i
Bargains to Vie \v*uV \\evc \ \\ ;
A splendid oasorliuent of FALL and \\ 1NTFK !
GOODS;
Selected from the most recent importations in Y
York,, Philadelphia and Baltimore,—bought
for Cash, and will be sold at lowest tales by
Chaplinc cjj* O'Fermi/,
At Thompson’s olj stand, Main street, \\ heeling
—of which the following arc a part;
Superfine Cloths, blue, black, olive, brown, claret,
drab and steel-mixed; cassimeres and cassinets;
caniblets uul Tartan plaids, boinhazetts, blank aud
blue-black, brown, purple and crimson; blue, scar
let, crimson and cross-barred uioreeu; Batease and
cortepolla; bonnet cambric; a very large assort
ment of ginghams aud gingham robes; plain aud
figured SwUs, jackonet and book muslins; plain
and figured bobbmet; linen, linen cambrick and
imitation handkerchiefs; cambric rnmlins; Silks:
tiros «le Naples, black, blue, blue-black, biown,
green, purple, scarlet, light blue and straw colour;
»up. lutestring, sattiu, Levantine, India satltu ar.d
souhaw; a general assortment of bonnet sattm;
!da< k, blue, green, pink and white florence, plain
figured and c ut silk velvet; tabby velvet; Vestings:
silk, silk velvet, Vaieutia and Marseilles'! lldkf*.:
j.u konet, Swiss, sup. lustring, bird’s eye, black
twilled silk; bandana, silk Hags, sun. tiros dt Na
ples and fancy gauze handkerchiefs; Cashmere and
merino long-hawls merino dress shawls; furni
ture > alico; stripes, assorted; Pittsburgh and hang
up coids; steei and wootl bu-*ks, silk and cotton
stay laces; ladies’ puffs, curie, and braids; Merino
cloths of all colors, for ladies; black and white
silk, and sup. gauze veils; black and w hite bobinet \
veils; Italian crapes, ass’d; nankins and nankin
t rapes Canton crape dresses, arsorted colors; Can
ton crape robes, at jtd and upvva&ls; crape hece, 1
assorted; umbrellas, silk and cotton; mohair brace-;
lets and watch guards; beads, assorted; sets sup. i
bonuet ribbon, new style; Mantua gauze and sattm,
aborted; plain and figured velvet ribbon; Svvi-s
capes and caps; thread, bobbmet, cotton aud black
silk 1 ice; In.sli linens, at from 25 cents to £L Irish ]
sheeting; damask table huen aud cotton; Russia ]
diaper; brown Holland; padding buckram and
canvass; oil cloths, black and white silk glove*
black and white silk hose and half hose; w hite j
worsted and cotton half hose; mixed half hose; ]
ladies’ kid, beaver and lioskin gloves; gentlemen's
hoskin, beaver, kid and dog skin gloves; Combs,
tuck shell, quill hack shell, side, and mock shell
tuck combs; shell and mock shell side and cres
cent combs; Brushes: cloth, hair, shoe, stiff dust
ing. ground paint, and shaving brushes; Bolivars
aud crowns, extra cheap; hat.-* for hors: lur hats
at 50 and upwards.
DOMESTIC GOODS,
.1 or rural assortment, unusually loir.
BOOTS & SHOES:
Ladies’ black morocco and seal welts;
do clasp and tie lasting do
do do Morocco do
do Cordovan and lasting boot-:
; do Lasting springs;
do Morocco aud calf, springs;
do Cordovan and calf boots;
Misses’ Lasting and Morocco spring^
do do " do wells.
Children’s Morocco and call boots;
Men’s morocco boots and Monroe?;
\t >rrwVO II its.
HARDWARE:
Sun cist A tierniau steel hand s iws; tenant wnts,
Vinerican, Crowloy, English, cast, and shear steel;
|»en ;„id nocket knives of a superior quality;
Oirl Knives; Shoe and liutelier knives; Fhunib
and Norfolk Latcboe; Pod t «ci*sone Bnuflcrs
and trays; BritamaanJ iron tea and table spoons:
l .ik»: knob, pad, t»unk, cupboard and till; Brass
candle sticks; brass knobs; brass bolts; 'fum glass
knobs; razors; sheen and tailor s shears; Waiters,
^sorted; FILES: flat and halt round bastard,
null handsaw, and blacksmith > files; thoniaker s
r ,kPs; cut and cast sparowbiU* *nuff and staring
boiev; screw augurs, 1 row ? to 5qr. gunhletsniid
r in borers; Aiuoricuu anJ V ankee cuflee nulls;
Ci.rk Inkstand.-, tea kettle*, ca-lings JuuiatU
Iron asset ted; mould boards; Plough irons; Sad
h'toOKISG GLASSES, a* sorted.
Groceries & Liquors.
Loaf and lump sugar; N O susar and molars;
*7 Klt, j.»Ta. and Moccha coffee; imperial gun
w^r’aud Y. II-teas; chocolate; bloom and
muscatel raisins* dates, figs and soft -hell almonds
- afnic# pti'pcr, cloves; nee; Cavendish
SS fir**1 qualitv^comm Michcwmgdo. Spanish
1 , n,moil Cigars: Scotrh and rappee snuff; L.
?' Ma h'.ra w.ne; Teneriffo. L.sbon. Malaga, and
*,* do Cocuiac brandy; Jonaica spirits.
tXS1 m N.e4m «WbiAiv J*•+
LIVERPOOL * COMMON QCEENSWARE.
Cotton Yarn, at Factory Prices.
The following articles will be received * all
i t J„ *“ash | Feathers. Tallow, Poorer, bin
seng. Rag*. Ac,
k
From the :\ew York Gazette,
j CARDU8 AND WILLIAM.
(^1 late, my friend Lang, a good den
i has been said about Miss Wright and he
I Temple of Reason. I think the plain
; | simple, but true history of myself am
W illiam affords as good a practical com
j ment on the effects of infidel principles* a;
anything I have met with. If you thinl
it worth publishing it is at vour service
lu a short time it will be forty winter:
j since I first landed in New York: I was
j then in my 20th year, without a face that!
knew, or a friend to counsel or direct
; On the first sabbath morning after we
: landed, three young mea of our passenger;
•culled and inquired where I was going
to-day. I said, to church. They an
swered, we have been near ten weeks con
fined to theshipj let us now walk out and
see the country; our health requires exer
cise, and wo can go to church another
; day. I said, as long as I can remember I
( had gone to church with my father ever.
I sabbath ofmy life, and when we parted his
i last words were, “Remember the sabbath
1 day.” They went to the country; I went
to the church: they spent a few shillings ol
their wages; I put two one penny corpora
tion bills in the plate. Some of them were
good mechanics, and got from eight to ten
dollars per week: my branch was poor, and
it was only by close application I earned
five dollars per week. They continued
going in the country, found loose company,
spent most their week's wages, came
home halt” drunk, sometimes caught by a
thunder storm, spoiled their fine clothes
:,r.J httle, rose late cn Monday morning,
bones and head aching, and couid w ork
but little all that day. I went to church,
saved my wages, rose oatly on Monday
morning, my hones rested, mv head sound,
and started oil the labours oi me week with
alight heart and quiet conscience.—At
the end of lire year they could show fine
clothes, and powdered heads oil .Sunday;
but, 1 could show one hundred dollars j
piled in the corner of my chest. They
have all been gone long ago; having lived
fast, they died early; while I, as one con-j
sequence of regular living, have not been
confined by sickness for one day in all
that period. Now, Mr. Deist and Mrs.
Deist, you who purpose to reform the j
world by destroying the Bible, and abolish- j
mg tbe sabbath, 1 would ask you, who!
lived the most comfortuble life, they or I ?
who were the most useful members in
society# They died and left their wives
and children beggars. If I die to-night
my family have the tools and hands, to
make themselves independent of the
world.*
About three months after I landed, there
caine from England, into the shop where
I w rought, a man by the name ol William;
he had a fine little woman for a wife, and
one or two young children. He was an
excellent mechanic, and the first, I believe,
who manufactuied coach springs in New
York; he was, by religious profession, a
Baptist, and went to the church in Hold
sheet. Dr. Foster, 1 believe, was then
pastor. He continued a consistent pro
fessor, attending church regularly with Ins
wife and children. But William was a
warm politician; a democrat as red hot us
the iron he hammered. Ho was soon
found out bv the radiculs ot that cay.
About this lime dierc came to the city u
man by tlio name of Palmer, who was
either born blind or had lost his sight by
disease. This blind leader of the blind
used to lecture on Deism in what was then
called the Assembly Room, iu VN illiam
street. William was led bv some ol his
new associates into this dungeon ot des
pair, and drunk deep in their dark and
cheerless doctrine. In a short time he
came out a flaming Deist, and instead ot
going with his wile and children to church,
he led them to Long Island, or the fields
in Jersey, or he went, by himself, to a low
i tavern, and hurrangued on 'lorn Paine’s
Ago of Reason, to any set of blockheads
j who would hear him. His children as
l they grew up being left to wander ns they
, pleased, soon associated with had corn
! panv, ami turned out worse than good for
1 nothin*. He had commenced business
j for himself, and fur eome time was in a
! very thriving way. Put now, every thing
was forgot in his zeal for propagating his
: new principles. You might find him in
every street and corner, pouring out his
• new light; and so vulgar and brutish was
the lan"uuge in which he blasphemed
• every thing which society in general holds
sacred, that moderate men of any prinei
• p]c »0t disgusted—shunned his company
and shop, and his worldly circumstances
bemn to fall into decay. As old shop
mates, he and I ever have been, and now
are on tho most friendly terms when we
meet; and from the beginning have I ex
postulated and warned him of the ruin he
was bringing on himself and family in this
world, laving the next aside. Though lie
i could not deny the truth of wliat I said, yet
he seemed like one who had gone so far
j that he was ashamed to racede. One
morning about ten o’clock, a tew weeks
a(TOt be called on me and asked for some
thing to buy his breakfast, as he bad not
* One of the young men of whom I speak was
hi' r- In a fit of intemperance, while working
l.Mrth in the trough, alone, he lost his balance,
. "T1..J in with his head burled in dough, and w
ih'J situation was found dead. Tli.s fact i.
know* "■ sc*’'3 r£ h'"l CW.-t^TTyem nor- in tin*
I ^* v
tasted any tiling that day. 1 looked oi
iiwn with sorrow, utmost to crying, Savi
1(‘William, has it really come to thn
r! with you? He said he had not a cent—<
, j lfend, or child, to help him, in the world
1 • I asked for his sons and daughters, bj
| name: they had all gone to ruin, or wen
, {dead. The few old friends of the Williun
; street illuminati, now that he was poor,
. knew him not. I gave him a small sum,
j and told him to call on me in his extreme
i *y. Says I, William, there arc my soil;
and daughters; they are an honour totheii
parents, being all useful members of socie
ty. } our children ruid mine were brought
; up neighbours to one another->what should
make them to diiler? He was silent. Says
.1,1 told you 34 years ago, your mad princi
ples would beggar yourself, and min your
j family. While you carried your children
: to tjie fields, or left them to wander in the
i rotvJ to destruction, I carried mine to the
chsrch, where they were not exposed to
bad company; and now they walk in the
ways of wisdom, which are pleasantness
and peace. 1 added, you must now be
convinced that religion is the best thing for
this world; and in the next, tlicy who pro
cess it will be as well off as you. Hut it
the Bible is true, you may say with the
miser, 1 was starved in tins, and damned
in that which is to come. He confessed 1
had t lie best of the argument, and said he
mighthavehecn a rich man if he hud stuck
! to the principles he brought with him from
Kngknd. lie said he thought of going
i into too almshouse—it was a good last
retreat; and for this, soys William, J have
j to thank Christianity; for, where the Bible
is not known, they have neither almshouse
nor hospital. 1 have only to add, that
this story is no fiction, nor combination of
characters that may have existed; but >t is
literally true. My friend William now
lives, (you know him,) he is a man of
truth, (though a Deist.) and will vouch for
what I have said, were he asked. If any
one doubts, you may give them iny name,
i will point them to some of the men, still
alive, of whom I speak.
Yours, CARD IS.
The Militia.—It is to bo hoped that a
mongst the first nets of the approaching
session of the Maryland Legislature, will
be one for repealing the laws, that require
mustuings of the militia; or militia- train
ings as they ore called in New England.
These worse than useless parades, have
been recently done awav with in several of
tlvv Eastern states, and with universal ap
profealiom no far as we rnnj i^b' * J
public papers* W o do not know wlielher
the same law prevails tor the county as Ibr
Baltimore City; perhaps to shew the
favour by which that city is usually re
warded, the fines are heavier und the law
more rigorous towards its inhabitants, hut
we believe that every master workman,
and every man of sound observation, will
unite in the opinion that the’ laws on this
subject are highly pernicious and exceed
ingly unjust. Every sort of business is
interrupted, apprentices must turn out on
j fixed days, acquiring habits of ild ; c-s
and dissipation; or their master inu.: ty
their fines; the industrious mechanic -
throw away the tune necosMiry to Hit
! maintenance of his family 01 be fined m
! ibe same amount as the most opu:ont cm
| /cn. It is a polf tax of the most positive
1 and odious charac t*r, und a'r inge to tell,
I enacted and permim I to remain on the
statute book in times when so many things
more valuable und won v ot puohc en
' couragement, arc denied existence or
i blighted, by a love ot popularity utmost as
universal as it is vulgar; not the patriotic
1 love of elevated reputation which ought
■ only to be the reward of superior talents
usefully employed; but that gross pursuit
j of place, which leads the demagogue to
| address himself by the lowest means to
I men of the low est order.
Eor such men these militia mustering*
. answer as convenient occasions for shew
I ing ofT their liberality by the distribution of
■still-burnt whiskey, commending Mew
sclccs most modestly at the same time
of*all men the “gentcelest, the wisest, the
' discreetest, best' ’ ...
I Were it true that the militia is the
i cheapest, instead ot beitig as it is the dear
■ est defence of nations, is it not bad enough
i in tunc of war anti its exigencies to make
j the same requisition on ihc poor man, who
lives by hts daily labour, us on the rich one
whose property is to be defended? llut
under the existing laws, in profound peace,
all have to pay the same tax; or, which is
the 9ame thing, to give the same portion ol
their time, for “time is money,- and more
particularly so with the labouring man.
j If any body would argue, that in throw
i ing out reflections on this subject, we are
departing from the proper subjects ot this
journal, let him lake the case of a labour
ing man in the country who must pay his
hard earned money, or go to one ot these
drum beating, whiskey drinking musters;
‘let him calculate the time expended, the
neglect ofhis domestic concerns ia his ab
j sence, and the danger of contracting bad
J habits, and then say, whether, tn the ag
gregate, the evil is not of sutneient magni
tude to call for the repeal of laws that com
' pel the people, under heavy penalties, to
dissipate precious time, where even the
1 military smattering acquired, is as much
j worse than total inexperience, bs fana
ticism Bud false doctrine are worse than
downright ijmeranev.-"*Af^rricam Farmer
i A Coun8Ello* Perplexed. Not long
i since a farmer in tins county, who possess*
1 ed a ‘pretty considerable’share of the good
things of this world, but who had no ob
jection to occasionally taking a “wee drap
ot the creature,” was arraigned before a
“jury ot hi* country,” (according to the
1 constitution,)on a charge of being an hath
itual drunkttrd, (‘‘according to the statute
in that case provided,”) for the ostensible
purpose of securing to his family the snug
little property he had amassed hy honest
and persevering industry. In the course
of the investigation, the following dialogue
took place between the counsel for the
complainun, and one of the witnesses for
the defendant.
Counsel Did you ever see the defend
ant drank/
Wibiete. Why, I have sometimes seen
him what 1 should call “pretty well how
coroe
Couutdi I donrt understand the nr
pression. Explain it.
Witness. Well, to bo plain—I have
seen him pretty well corn'd.
Counsel. Wliat do you mean by corn
ed?
Witness. I mean, pretty well shot in
the neck.
Counsel. That is more blind than the
other.
Witness. Then call hint protty well
rock'd. Don’t ye understand that?
Counsel. ( liming in a passion.) An
I swer my first question! Did you ever see
I the defendant drunk?
Witness. Why, ns / told you before,
I have very commonly seen him with a
pfrett v good skin dull.
[Upjumps an Irish sailor.]
Sailor. May it plase your houor, I be
gin to be after finding what the spalj»ecn
would be at. He inancs, your honor, that
he has seen the land lubber, here, “three
sheets in the wind.”
Counsel. (.More composed.) And whet
is that, honey?
Sailor. Why, it means that he was
“half seas over,” what else, your honor?
Witness. Well, now, if you’ll jist hear (
me a minute. I’ll tell you how it is. I’ve '
seen this feller when he was’nt neither'
drunk nor sober, but somewhere about
half way betwixt and between. 1 mean ,
pretty well swizzled.” Do you understand
me now?
The counsellor Itero got out of all pa
tience, and called unothcr witness, who
testified that he had seen him “somewhat
slued.” A thud witness had seen him
~fbe jury decided, that although tho de
fendant was occasionally a httlo ‘otKJdled,’
he could not be called an habitual drunk
ard.
SUGAR.
The sugar cane, Arundo Saerarifcra,
is a yellow jointed reed, from each joint of
which springs a stem, of a fine straw color.
It attains various heights according to the
fertility of the soil in which it is planted.
The best sml is a reddish earth, on n
clayey substratum, and in such soil it
grows to the height of seven foot. i he
•tala of the cane contains a pithy sub
tance. which possesses an abundance of
juice, exquisitely but not cloyingly sweet.
!ie stalk is about ouo inch m diameter,
i id the diitance between the eyes from
one to three inches. When perfectly ripe
it is cut oil near the surface of the earth,
and that part which is left in the ground is
suffered to grow and reproduce. Suckers
or ratoons are however, prcfered in the
West Indies, which are said to yield a
much more rapid and frequently as profita
ble a crop as that of the parent caue. Af
ter the eanesare cut they are conveyed to
the mill. Tho mill generally used is a
simple machine composed ot three upright
cylinders abost forty inches in length and
twenty-five in diameter, ihrough these
cylinders the canes are compressed until
die juice is completely drawn out, and the
canes [wrfectly pulverized. They arc
sometimes put in motion by water, but
more frequently by mulos. In the West
Indies the negroes who attend them often
meet with serious accidents Exhausted by
fatigue, and w0“* oul by constant vigi
lance, they are apt to slumber over their
labor, and at such limes tlie arm is fre
quenUV enught between the rollers, nod
the head, body ami lunbs, crushed in a
moment, to atoms. The juice, after it
lias bien expressed from the caue, falls
into a leaden bed from which it i3 convey
ed. through a wooden gutter, to the boiling
house. The pulverised canes are used as
fuel, and tl«S ashes as a manure: hence no
oarl of this valuable plant is entirely lost- (
j'be juice, after it has run into the boiling
houseis received into three copper clari
fiers, of various din tensions. When the
clarifier, is filled with liquor, the lixivium
of lime is applied to remove the supera
bundant acid. One pint ofhme is general-j
lv allowed to one hundred gallons of
liquor. There are also in the boiling house,
besides the clarifiers, three boilers, di-j
rmnisa-ng in size from the teach* to the!
clarifier. Wlieu the acuxn »* tor mod on
the surface the liquor ia prevented trow j
boiling by the removal of th« lire and the.
application of a dumper. It u Lite a per
mitted to remain until tl»e scum h- Cwbies
quite thick, after which it is conveyed to
the large copper, through a channel, com
plete!) • lanfied. In this copp«they scum
the l;qusr once more otwr ilhaal^n con
(siderabiy reduced by evaporation. It is
j then ladled into the third boiler, and from
j thence into the tcacbo, and lastly into me
'cooler which is a snvill wooden trough, of
, a conic form. In the cooler tho euaar be- V,
comet crystallized, when it is earned to
j tho curing-house, whore it remains till the
molasses drains from it. The sugar cane
is said to coutain one part of water, one of
sugar,and one ol mucilaginous gum, with
some essential oil. \\ hen the mill is in
operation, tin nogroee. where the cane is
cultivated begin to regain thair wonted
vigor of body: sicknoss is banished, and
1 its place supplied by he most vigorous s
health. Almost every animal in nature
' reaps some advantage from this inestima
ble sweet; and to ail i; is in an emuieut
degree imlutary and nutricious. It may
not bo improper to adl to tins brief account
I of tho growth of tbe o**e and the manufac
: ture of suffer, tho j^oc «*• adopted in the
Indies in ttur-y* •^ration of' T*f%&
. rinds, a fruit which grow* abundantly in
those islands, and forms an important ar
ticle of commerce. This is done ih. sugar
mills. The fruit whon perfectly rip^ ;fc
taken out of the pod, placed in small cask*
in layers; boiling syrup is then poured
over them until tho casks are thoroughly
filled, when they are shut up and all is
completed sud ready for exportation.
IVash. Chrsmclc.
UNITED STATES’ BANK.
Without designing, or even desiring to
enter into a discussion of the merit* or de
merits of this institution, or of the policy
or propriety of re-chartering it, should ite
stockholders petition Congress for that
purpose, we cannot refrain from adverting
to a few familiar facts, which, iu our opiu
ion, go far to invalidate the statement made
by the President of the United States in
his lato message, that “a must be admitted
by all that it (the Bank) has failed in ibe
great end of establishing a uniform and
sound currency.” It is well known that
previous to the establishment of the Bunk
the rate of exchange between this city and
some of the Western States, was from 20
to JO per cent., and (bat merchants at Lex
lugton, Nashville, St. i/ouie, eud other
placoe desirous of paying debts or making
purchases here, and in ttie Eastern ports,
were compelled to transport specie on
horseback at immense nek end expense
It is equally well known that individual*
at the places alluded to qan* now obtain
drafts at the branch banks ano transmit
their funds to this and U»e neighboring cl
out risk, for ample security E^atjoagamet
the casualty of a draft bomg lost or stolen.
It is known too, that at the poriod mention
ed, between this city and the neighboring
town of Wilmington, distant only 30 miles
the rate of exchange was generally 2 1-2
percent., and that is now at par, as it u
with New York, Baltimore, and other
Keu ports. Similar statements might be
made of most other towns throughout the
Union, and it is notorious that these im
portant advantages have buen achieved by
tlio bank. This institution affords also
another convenience not less valuable than
those just mentioned. A merchant having
a demand, even aa small as five or ten
dollars, upon a distant place, in any part
of Union where the Bank has a corres
pondent, ('and it has, we are informed, up
wards of eighty) may deposit fus draft ia
(he Bank or any of its branches, and (he
money will be collected without risk or trou
b!o. Can it then be said with all there
benefits and convenience* known, felt and
enjoyed, that the institution has failed ia
the groat end of its establishment? Would
a National Bank do mors than tine ha*
done? Would such an institution in the
hands of an executive desirous of prolong
ing its power, or under the control of pohU
teal aspirants and partisans thirsting for
power be more tender of individual right*,
or less dangerous to the lib&tiea of the
country than as at present, in ihe bands of
the prudent, responsible capitalists, wateb
ful to promote their own interests by • jo
dioious management of tb# restitution,
and careful to preserve their own nropa/
! ty by sustaining infc reputation of tbs Bane.
I In the latter case the Directors would have
; overy thing to gam ^rom correct manage
ment; and their fund* at stake to ensure
this course. In the other rase the Direc
tors would have nothing at stake, their
' funds would be the public perse, and they
would have nothing W gam by tireeome
' and unpopular vigilance m behalf of the
: jQgtitution; but on the other hand would
' be exposed to constant and pressing temp
tation to turn lira golden stream into a
channel that would yield a dazzling return
of political power and importance. We
presume, however, it will never become
necessary to argue this point.
Ptan.f, Saturday Gat.
To rentier Shoes waterproof .— Take ••
bout a square inch of Indian rubber (that
which is white is (he best,) cm lOrato all*
ces aa thin as possible, put it into a pint
of Spirits of Turpentine, and ahake it up
occasionally to assist the dissolution; add.
if requisite, more of the Indian rubber. ai>
til the liquor ia of she conaistuaeo of ima.
cle, then udd a lialf a pint of cold draw*
linseed oil, and it is fit for use. Nev
shoes should lie worn for a few days, be*
fore using the above, to open the gram of
the 9oles, and should not be worn for m
few dor* after* tbpl t$ nuy dr/.