By several «rivals at New York, London and of
Paris papers to the 16th of August have been
received. h or our extracts we arc mil«. > 0 ; m a
our correspondents of the American, the Stan- ^
, dar<l, the Morning Gouner, and the Daily. ^
Advertiser.
From the London Sun of Aagart Su.. ^
March of the French ,® ; cast II
portance thicken on us—thedieol war is cast
Land a French army of 50 000 men, now
on ns march to assist the King of the Behans
in repelling the invasion of the Dutch. This ^
is indeed important news, and must lead *° -,
tesults of great importance. . . ...
It appears that on Thursday night, intelli-|
gence had been received at Paris of the Dutch!
having broken the armistice, and commenced,
immediate hostilities, bv the capture of some
of the Belgian towns. Nearly at the same time
an express arrived from King Leopold, tlemand
ing the aid of a French army to preserve the
neutrality of Belgium, and to repel the Dutch.
The French King immediately convoked a
Council, at which M. Perrier and all the late
Ministry attended. The result of their delib
erations was the publication of an Extraordi
nary Edition of the Moniteur.
The decision of the French was at once
prompt_bold—honorable—and in accordance
with the often expressed feelings of the nation.
But the question arises, what will be the con
of this step? We answer—War
■ith Kussia—and very
At present this
the appearance of
FOWIAU.V .VYAVft.
by
in
ry
is
to
of
>v
an
sequences
with Prussia—War
probably war with Austria;
unavoidable fr
things, for it is impossible to conceive that the
perfidious King of Holland, with all his obsti
naev, would have been mad enough to precipi
tate a war without the secret encouragement
of Prussia and Russia,—But he will yet pay
dearjv for his temerity.
Expresses front Parts —The King of France
received intelligence late
seem a
. ........j on Wednsday Right 1
that „n Thursday morning, the 4th of August/
at half past nine o'clock, the King of Holland '
intended to recommence hostilities against,highly
Belgium i
Earl v on Thursday morning a special courier !
«ached the French'government With an auto-i
granhy letter from King Leopold, announcing*
ft is 1 said, the declaration of war on the part of 1
Holland, and claiming frôm France the assist-*'™
once of an army, to maintain the independence!
1 neutrality which was promised to Belgium:'
by the Great Powers.
A nine o'clock on the same morning
King held a Council at the Paiace Royal, when!
all the Ministers of M. Casimir PerVier's ad
Berlin papers arrived, this morning, to the
7th instant. The Prussian State G .»zette of
the 5th and 6th gives accounts from Warsaw,
to the 28th of July, of whieh the following is j
the substance: but which must of couse be re
ccived with caution and hesitation, having re
gard to the medium through which they are
transmitted.
1 be danger is coming nearer, and begins to
be more and more urgent; and in order to en
courage the people and set an example of
making every effort, the Deputies to the Diet
are to assemble on the ramparts, to-morrow,
to work on the fortifications.
The substance of the articles respecting the
military operations is as follows:
On the 22d the Russian General Gerstenz
wieg, sent out from the environs of Sochoehin,
intending to proceed bv the road from Pul-j
tusk to Niessawa. there to ioin Count Paske
witsch. The Polish General Muhlberg, hav
ing marched in that direction to hinder him.
an action took place on the 23d, in which the
Russians are stated to have lost some officers,
and about fifty men killed, wounded, and
prisoners. The Poles say they lost two superi- 5
or officers, and twenty men killed or wounded,
General Gerstenzwieg. finding he could not'
proceed in that direction, recrossed the Wkra, j
breaking down the bridges behind him, and
returned to Ciechanow. The Warsaw Gazette
that General Gerstenzwieg afterwards
marched along Wkra, and with his corps join
ed the army under Count Paskewitsch.
The Russians says the Warsaw Gazette,
are marching along the left bank of the Vistula
ministration attended, including the President
himself, and determined to remain in office
Under the present emergency, until the debate
upon the address in the Chamber of Deputies.
It was also resolved that Gen. Girard, at the
head of 50,000 French troops, should immedi
ately march to the aid of the King of Belgium.
s;
and occupy Kowal; but it is not confirmed
that Krasniewia is in their hands. The direct
communications between Kojo and Klodawa
are interrupted. At Wolzh said; the landstnrm i
had an action with the enemy. 'I hey took the!
town three times, but were at length driven
out and forced to retreat. Many Cossacks
were killed. I he Russians are said to have
occupied Ruttno on the 25th, but the pbsts
from that place have since arrived at Warsaw,
Generrl Rudiger still remains on the Wieprz
supported y the 7th division of infantry under
General Kaiaaroff. The two corps of Rudiger
an l Caisaroff amount to 32,000.
It appears from accounts from Prussia, that
Generals Dembinski and Sierakowski are still
in Lithuania.
I'm* State Gazette of Warsaw says that the
lif ted 90,000 men, to put
down the insurrection in Lithuania.
Hi* ;ians h;»\e
The Warsaw Courier says, it iss'positively
[affirmed that General Krukoniecki will again
fill-the important post of Governor of the Çity
of j uly 29 ._ T he day before yester
^ National Government and the Corn
m a nde rm Chief are reported to have discussed,
^ ^ t counei i D f war , the state of affairs
^ ^ fuMre plan3i Th< Dict in w ir,ch the
[result was immediately communicated, issued
^ , amat ; on to th ' ople „d the army.
II seems that thc y P re P are fut a mortal atrug
„„pears also that it is intended to Bend,
to Lithuania aml Voftym«7|
, hc insuirect iort is said to have broken
^ Kudig „ - ]S preparing to cross the
-, Vistula, but we have no positive infor
''
the
the
If
for
you
mauon.
ANTI-MASONIC.
to
to
my
the
of
to
is
WASHINGTON AND MASONRY.
The Journal publishes a letter, purporting
have been addressed to Gen. Washington,
by the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania, and his
reply to the same. These letters, with some
others, were published two or three years ago
in the masonic papers of New-York. They
then pronounced forgeries, and
dence to the contrary was ever produced,
while Washington's letter has no date. Ad
mitting, however, that they were not, (though
institution that has murdered and bribed to
perjury, might be supposed to consider forge
ry not a very criminal act) what does Wash
ington say in favour of Masonry? Nothing.
There is not a sentence, i r a part of a sen
tence, in the letter, favourable to masonry. It
is evidently written with studied evasion.
Washinton's opinion, as favourable to masory,
cannot, therefore, be gathered from his letters
to the brethien.
These letters to and from the Grand Lodges
of Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Rhode-Island.
&c. although they do not produce evidence lh|(|
cd of the masonic ins'mn
>v ere
an
1 Washington approve
««"• contained evidence oi another descrip
' tIon ' equally important to the public, and
against,highly favourable to the cause of antimasonry.
Washington's farewell address 1
'on the first Wednesday of Dt
i v« Haum^iuu s sium css was delivered
! first Wednesday of December, 1796, in
which he denounced 'all secret associations,
"» dangerous and pernicious. I his gave the
of 1 fraternity a general alarm. Accordingly-, every
assist-*'™ 1111 Lodge in the L nilcd States addressed
him as it were, simultaneously, about the
1 "" 0 * thu sau,c month, on the subject, for
I'jV 1 l lur I lose of counteracting the effect of the
the,denunciation, and pledging him to the Order.
*' h ' B had not the desired effect. Washington
would not pledge himself to masonry lhe
craft were therefore obliged to be contented
with slandering him secretly, and praising and
claiming him publicly, and endeavouring by
every possible means to allay the suspicions
he ha/i awakened in the minds of the people
respecting the institution.
t here has been evidence, conclusive, before
the public, to prove that Washington was, in
heart an antimason; that in all instances where
lie was called upon by his friends, to give his
of opinion or advice on the subject, it was uni
formly against the institution. Still he knew
is j ls power, and its proscriptive and vengeance
following principles, and was therefore guard
ed in his expressions, and intended only to
leave on the minds of his friends the impres
sion that he could say nothing in favor of the
to institution, and leave them to the irresistible
conclusion that be disapproved of it.
of I n addition to much other evidence <
point, we now present our readers with his
letters to a highly respectable Divine, then
living in Maryland, on this subject. J hev are
written with caution, but contain declarations
which put the matter entirely at rest, rc
specting his opinion of masonry. From their
perusal every man must conclude that he was
a n anti-mason.— Anti-Masonic Herald.
~ . P ... r r . . _ , „
T *„ t r Ae . f d 't 0r jf the . 9?"l ,nal '/ " e Galley,
Woodstock, Shenandoah Co., Vtrgtma.
the Sir-- 1 hrough the politeness of a friend late
OI ) a visit to 1' rcderick county, I was favored
and with a perusal of several letters
5 Gen. Washington. Not knowing whether you
imav have seen them or n^t. I concluded by
not' permission to send them to you. I should be
j glad to see them in your paper, and with them
and (the remarks I have subjoined. By which you
will much oblige
till!
"ritten by
Your'
SCRUTATOR.
LETTER 1.
Mt. Vernon, September 25, Ï 708.
Sir—M any apologies are due to you for my
not acknwlcdging the receipt of your obliging
favor of the 2d ult, and for not thanking you
at an earlier period, for the book you had the
i goodness to send me. I have heard much of
the! the nefarious and dangerous plan and doctrine
of the Illuminati, but never saw the book until
you were pleased to stnd it to me.
have causes have prevented my reading the book
pbsts hitherto, viz:—the multiplicity of matters
which pressed upon
tated state in which I was left after
fever had been removed, and which allows
to add little more here than thanks for vorn
wishes and favorable sentiments, except to
that correct an error you have run into_of my
still presiding over the English lodges in this
country. The fact is, I preside over none, nor
have I been in any, more than once or twice
within the last thirty years. I believe not
withstanding that none of the lodges in this
The same
before, and the debili
a severe
the
put
a
country arc contaminated With the principles
ascribed to the society of the Illuminati.
With respect» I am, &c.
G. WASHINGTON.
LETTER 2.
Mt. Vernon, Oct, 10, 1798.
Sir—I t is more than a fortnight since I ac
knowledged the receipt of your first letter, on
the subject of the Illuminati, and thanked you
Robinson's account of that society. It
went to the Post-office as usual, addressed to
the Rev. Mr. Snyder, of Frederkktown Md.
If it has not been received before this, some
mishap must, have attended it, of which I pray
it could not have been
for
you to advise me, as
received at the date of your last, not being
mentioned.—I am, 8tc. _
G WASHINGTON.
LETTER 3.
Mt. Vernon. Oct. 1798.
Rev. Sir— I have you favor of the 17th
instant before me, and my only motive to
trouble you with the receipt of this letter, is
to explain and correct a mistake, which, I
perceive the hurry in which l am obliged often
to write letters, has led you into. It was not
my intention to doubt, that the doctrines of
the Illuminati and the principles of Jacobinism
had spread in the United States ; on the con
trary no one is more fully satisfied of the fact
than I am. The idea I meant to convey was,
that I did not believe that the lodges of free
masons in this country had, as societies en
deavoured to propagate the diabolical tenets
of the first, or the pernicious principles of the
latter (if they are susceptible of separation.)
That individuals of them may have done it,
and that the founder or instrument employed
to found the Democratic Societies in the Uni
ted States may have these objects and actually
had a separation of the people from their gov
' too evident to be questioned.
My occupations arc such that but little leisure
is allowed me to read newspapers of any kind;
the reading of letters and preparing of answers
absorbs much of my time.
With respect, (kc.
G. WASHINGTON.
Now, if Washington hail considered the in
stiuttion a good one, he would have visited the
lodges, more than'once or twice, within thirty
years.' Washington was a man of purity» and
he would not have banished the habitation of
the 'hand-maid of religion!' from his presence,
with so little ceremony, for thirty years.
Washington's opinion of masonry stands in
hold relief, in the first letter, and 'he that runs
mav read.' and understand.
The following denunciation of ''all combina
tions," given in his farewell addres, conies in
very well here. It can be easily understood.
It conincides with the sentiment cautiously ex
pressed in his letters, and the reader should
remember that it was given near two years be r
fore the letters were written.— A. M. Herald.
"All obstructions to the exécutons of laws,
all combinations and associations, under
ever plausible character, with the real design to'
direct, control , counteract , or awe the constitu-j
ted authorities, are destructive of this funda
mental principle, and of fatal tendency. They
serve to organizeyhe/io;;, to give it an
cial and extraordinary force, to put it in
place of the delegated will of the nation, the
will of the party, often a small, but enterpris
ing minority of the community; and according
to the alternate triumphs of different parties,
to make the public administration the mirror
of the ill concerted and incongruous projects
of faction, rather than the organs of consistent
and wholesome plans, digested by common
councils and modified by mutual interest.
"However combinations or associations of the
above description, may now and then answer
popular ends, they are likely in the course of
time and things to become potent engines, hv
which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled
men will be enabled to subvert the power of
the people, and usurp for themselves the reigns
of government."
If such language as this, together with the
fact that he had hardly been in a Lodge for
thirty years , does not prove hint a Secedcr,
we know not what can.
eminent m view,
by
be
by
"MASONIC CHARITY."
We copy an extract from a Masonic band
bill, (says the Boston Free Press,) 5 or 6000
of which are said to have been distributed in
the stores and dwelling houses in the city, the
next day after the meeting at Faneuil Hall.
It bears date Sept. 9th, 1829, [A I. (Anno
Lodges ) 5829] with the signature of Samuel
Mallen, a gentleman holden in the highest es
timation by the fraternity, who has reached as
wc understand, the very topmost round of the
Masonic Ladder—Hear him:
* " I HOPE Godwill strictly visit all the en
emies of Masonry with the contents of ihe CIS.
Psalm, from the 6th verse ."
The Anchor of Hope garnished one corner
of the handbill, and the Masonic Temple with
all its beautiful emblems of Faith, Hope, and
Charity, the other. We copy the blessings be
stowed upon Anti-masons, by a disciple of the
" Handmaid" of Masonic Religion, from
Psalm 109th.
G. " Set thou a wicked man over him;* and
let Satan stand at his right hand.
7. When he shall be judged, let him be con
demned; and let bis prayer become sin.
8. Let bis days be few, and let another take
my
the
of
to
my
his offer,
Wmd hi* -Wife
re 'visited' on
9. Let hh child^Ê
a widow ! [This the
Morgan.]
XO. Let his children be continually vaga
bonds. and beg; let them seek their bread also
out of desolate places.
XI. Let the extortioner,catch all that lie hath;
and let the stranger spoil his labor.
12. Let there be none to extend mercy unto
him ; neither let there be any to favor his fa
therless children. ...
IS. Let his prosperity be cut off; and in the
generation following, let their nam i be blotted
14. Let the iniquity of his fathers be re
membered with the Lord ; and let the sin of
his mother be blotted out.
15. Let them be before the Lord continual
ly, that he may cut off the memory of ^hem.
from the earth.
16. Because that he remembered not to
show mercy, but persecuted the poor and
dy man, that he might even slay the broken
heart.
17. As he loved cursing, let it come unto
he delighted not in blessing, so let it
llffn ;
; as
be from him.
18. As he closed himself with pursing like,
let it come unto his
nth a garment,
bowels with water, and like oil into his bones#
19. Let it be unto him as a garmentf which
covcreth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is
girded continually.
20. Let this be the reward of my adversa
ries from the Lord, and them that speak evil
against my soul."— Roch. Enq.
♦This "curse" lias been fulfilling ev
soniy had an existence—wicked
over us—and
" curse."
f This is the extreme unction of cursing.
as
incc Ma
have been sec
determined to get rid of the.
Benedict Arnold was a Mason .—Wc are en
abled to settle this fact on the best testimony
that can he asked. A worthy and esteemed
officer of the revolution, now resident in Con
necticut, spent a few daÿs in this village last
week. He was formerly a Mason, but long
since turned away from the Institution with
disgust, as many other revolutionär worthies.
in- uot excepting Washington have done. He
states that to his certain knowledgs, General
| Arnold the identical traitor, Benedict Ar
jnold —was a Masons that he (our i«dormant)
of sat in a lodge in Morristown. N. J., in the
winter of 1779—80. and that General Arnold
—the identical traitor wan present at that
in time in the lodge, as a brother. He (our in
formant) acted that evening as a junior deacon,
and another person now living in Colchester,
Conn, acted as junior warden. The informa
in turn may be depended upon. The character
of 'he ™»n from whom it is obtained is a full
ex- guarantee for its truth. We may have yet
more t0 sa y Is denied,
r We do not take the trouble to prove that
Arnold was a Mason because of any gif at con
sequence in the fact, but to put the seal of si
what-1'fence upon the braggart frothing declaration,
to' lliat ' every officer of the revolution, except*
ING Benedict Arnold, was a Mason,'
P. S. In a later conversation, our informant
further states, that General Washington and
artifi-jGeneral Arnold, on this occasion, came into
the'the lodge together. Now the fraternity say
the that Washington was a Mason. We say that
Arnold was also a Mason. So that ncutrali
zea this argument. It is as good on one side
as the other, and leaves us to look to other
facts for the good or bad of Masonry. We
have no evidence that Arnold deserted the in
stitution. We have full evidence that Wash-»
ington and other true revolutionary patriots
did, including our informant and the venerable
the Henry Sewnll.-— Utica Elucidât or.
of
hv
of
for
beauties or masonry.— A masonic priest
a year or two since, when touching upon the*
'excitement', while preaching to an audience of
masons, made use of the following expression:
" Shall I mention the name of William Morgan
an outcast in societv. A CHILD OF SATAN
A HELL ENGENDERED TRAITOR?"
Another masonic priest, when saluted by
friend, a Baptist deacon who had renounced
replied thus:—"Not a word out of your mouth
you perjured villain !"
A short time since, in a certain town in
Fairfield county, as a group of masons were
consulting each other upon the affairs of the
"noble institution," in presence of a masonic
clergyman, antimasonry was anathematized in
great style. Befote the close cf the interview
the 'villainous character* of Crocker and Fan
ton, was made the topic of remark. Says one
honourable and delicate " brother," "I hope
that when Crocket lectures again, some one
will dash in his face the contents of a pot de'
chambre (!) This sentiment met with a lotul
and hearty response from the whole group! v
How beautiful!! How delicate and chaste is
the language of masonry ! !—Hartford Intelli
gencer.
in
the
es
as
the
en
and
be
the
and
Ebcnczer Mix, one of the most activç Mor
gan conspirators, one of the banditti that as
sailed Miller's printing office, himself carrying
a bludgeon, has just been elected Grand Cap
tain General of the Grand Encampment of
New York! Masonry loves and cherishes
kidnappers a3 dearly beloved children. The
bludgeon above mentioned is preserved as a
trophy (says, the Albany Journal,) by a lady
of Batavia.
¥